This month was originally named Sextilis in Latin, because it was the sixth month in the ancient Roman calendar, which started in March about 735 BC under Romulus.
Sculptures, cave paintings, rock paintings, and petroglyphs from the Upper Paleolithic dating to roughly 40000 years ago have been found, but the precise meaning of such art is often disputed because so little is known about the cultures that produced them.
A solar wind of plasma particles constantly streams outward from the Sun until it reaches the heliopause.
Wilhelm Schickard's 1623 device was the first of a number of mechanical calculators constructed by European engineers, but none fit the modern definition of a computer, because they could not be programmed.
The resulting Jacquard loom was an important step in the development of computers because the use of punched cards to define woven patterns can be viewed as an early, albeit limited, form of programmability.
It is therefore pointless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images, even if rules at your company or school or organization mandate that you ask web site operators before copying their content.
They are often popularly described as "dirty snowballs", though recent observations have revealed dry dusty or rocky surfaces, suggesting that the ices are hidden beneath the crust (see Debate over comet composition).
About 97.5% of the water is saline, while the remaining 2.5% is fresh water.
Technetium was the first purportedly non-naturally occurring element to be synthesized, in 1937, although trace amounts of technetium have since been found in nature, and the element may have been discovered naturally in 1925.
The carrying capacity of an ecosystem is reduced over time if more than the amount which is "renewed" (refreshed or regrown or rebuilt) is consumed.
The Carolingian dynasty ruled France until 987, when Hugh Capet, Duke of France and Count of Paris, was crowned King of France.
It borders Sweden on the west, Russia on the east, and Norway on the north, while Estonia lies to its south across the Gulf of Finland.
Some definitions of God are sometimes nonspecific, while other definitions can be self-contradictory.
Arguments for the existence of God typically include metaphysical, empirical, inductive, and subjective types, while others revolve around holes in evolutionary theory and order and complexity in the world.
Google began in January 1996, as a research project by Larry Page, who was soon joined by Sergey Brin, when they were both PhD students at Stanford University in California.
Roman Catholicism is by far the largest religion in the country, although the Catholic Church is no longer officially the state religion.
The interim person may also be called an acting principal or acting prime minister, as they do not have the official position, but serve in the same manner.
However, since Ulysses has no cameras, no images were taken.
The Navy attempted a cleanup of the unexploded ordnance from the island, although much still remains buried or resting on the land surface.
Although the U.S. Navy was given $400 million and 10 years to complete the task, work progressed much more slowly than anticipated.
To pass legislation, a majority of Members of Parliament must vote for a bill (proposed law) in each house.
When he later studied English, he decided that the international language must have a simpler grammar.
Since Mercury is normally lost in the glare of the Sun, unless there is a solar eclipse, Mercury can only be viewed in morning or evening twilight.
Member of Parliament Jeremy Hunt was elected at the 2005 general election, after Virginia Bottomley became a life peer.
Upon his return to Austria at the end of the war in 1945 Krips was one of the few conductors who were allowed to work, since he had not worked under the Nazi regime.
Following a successful amateur career, she turned professional in 2005 when she signed with the Hamburg boxing promoter Spotlight Boxing.
But the hotel of interest has infinitely many rooms, so if you move the guest occupying room 1 to room 2, the guest occupying room 2 to room 3 and so on, you can fit the newcomer into room 1.
When a stimulus is applied to a sensory receptor, it elicits or influences a reflex via stimulus transduction.
While the requirement that dancers skate to music with a definite beat remains, ice dancing is currently the only discipline of figure skating which allows vocal music with lyrics in competition.
It was disabled by default, as it radically altered how the operating system worked, but was enabled by default in Fedora Core 3 and introduced a less strict, targeted policy.
The Vietnam War officially begins, as the first American helicopters arrive in Saigon along with 400 U.S. personnel.
Alexandra watched the murder of her husband and two servants before military commissar Peter Ermakov killed her with a gun shot to the left side of her head before she could finish making the sign of the cross.
Norway came under the influence of England, while the other Scandinavian countries and Poland were influenced by Germany.
The Earl Marshal, an hereditary office held by the Duke of Norfolk, oversees the College, though he is not a member of that body; arms may not be granted without his consent.
After the player has chosen which of these characters to control, the game begins when the spacecraft is shot down by missiles fired from the nearby, supposedly-deserted, titular planet Notrium.
Although the vastly outnumbered Confederates had inflicted casualties and slowed the Union advance on Saltville, they were incapable of halting it.
The idea of this system was developed in 1637 in two writings by Descartes and independently by Pierre de Fermat, although Fermat used 3 dimensions and did not publish the discovery.
While the Second International was split by the outbreak of World War I, a skeleton form survived through the International Socialist Commission.
Some 50,000 leaders and citizens of the Southern Song Dynasty of China become the first recorded inhabitants of Macau, as they seek refuge from the invading armies of the Yuan Dynasty.
The truth about Tyler's paternity did not become public until five years later, in 1991, when she changed her name from Rundgren to Tyler, but kept the former as a middle name.
Though the Gucci Accessories Collection was well received, it proved to be the force that brought the Gucci dynasty crashing down.
He called himself Franz Strauss until soon after the war when he starts using his middle name as well.
Though his novels remain among the least-appreciated of his works, they have been given renewed attention via film adaptations by Satyajit Ray and others: Chokher Bali and Ghare Baire are exemplary.
Because he loved Verdi’s music, Barezzi invited Verdi to be his daughter Margherita's music teacher, and the two soon fell deeply in love.
The club left the stadium when it joined the Bundesliga in 1963.
The magazine began publication in 1985 in the United Kingdom under the name For Him and changed its title to FHM in 1994 when Emap Consumer Media bought the magazine, although the full For Him Magazine continues to be printed on the spine of each issue.
As always in a direct quotation, use the original text, even if the quoted text is inconsistent with the preceding guidelines.
His first spaceflight was Gemini 10, when he and command pilot John W. Young performed two rendezvous with different spacecraft and Collins undertook two EVAs.
Space is one of the few fundamental quantities in physics, meaning that it cannot be defined via other quantities because nothing more fundamental is known at the present.
While a "definition" may be enough to qualify an article as a stub, Wikipedia is not a dictionary.
In the 18th century French became the fashionable language in Bern and elsewhere, while the influence of the French-speaking allies and subject lands was more marked than before.
Even if a statement made about medicine is accurate, it may not apply to you or your symptoms.
However, before the Galileo spacecraft arrived at Jupiter, knowledge about it was extremely limited.
Before the election he served as a captain in a company of the Illinois militia during the Black Hawk War, although he never saw combat.
While it is the largest body in its region, due to its dark surface and larger than average distance from the Sun it appears very dim when observed from Earth.
When Subtropical Storm Vince formed on October 8, it was the earliest in the season that the twenty-first tropical or subtropical storm had ever developed, 38 days ahead of the previous record held by Tropical Storm 21 of the 1933 season.
While no firm evidence of North Korean involvement has been established, they are widely suspected to have been the responsible party.
Buffy's mother, Joyce, dies of a brain aneurysm, while at the end of the season, Xander proposes to Anya.
Benoit would soon gain control over Michaels when he applied his signature hold the Crippler Crossface.
Although the condition typically affects the feet, it can spread to other areas of the body, including the groin.
Most of the routes served are within Europe, although there are some charter airline routes to intercontinental destinations.
Although the glaciers did not reach Hartley, the tundra like permafrost allowed seasonal rivers to flow over the otherwise porous chalk, thus creating the "dry valley" at Hartley Bottom.
Although Dick spent most of his career as a writer in near-poverty, nine of his stories have been adapted into popular films since his death, including Blade Runner, Total Recall, A Scanner Darkly and Minority Report.
The broadcast team for the World Series and one League Championship Series is Jon Miller with play-by-play and Hall of Famer Joe Morgan with game analysis and has been since its debut on ESPN Radio, except for 1999, when Morgan called the games for NBC.
The only exceptions were in 1984 when Niki Lauda won by half a point, and in Prost's first F1 season, when he was beaten by John Watson.
Egypt continued as a UN member under the name of the United Arab Republic, until it reverted to its original name on 2 September 1971.
Everyone is upset because Hercules did nothing to help Alcmene.
The UK doner kebab often uses a different mixture of spices, because immigrants from Cyprus operate a major proportion of the takeaways.
Because of 20th century African-American migration from the South, a large African-American urban population lives in most of the region's major cities, although the concentration is not generally as large as that of the Southern United States.
The period ended in 1573 when the 15th and last shogun Ashikaga Yoshiaki was driven out of the capital in Kyoto by Oda Nobunaga.
Annual production had by now grown from 500,000 vehicles in 1973 to 965,000 in 1978, when Chrysler began selling the Galant as the Dodge Challenger and the Plymouth Sapporo.
The first record of Camarasaurus comes from 1877, when a few scattered vertebrae were located in Colorado, by Oramel W. Lucas.
When Maxwell derives the electromagnetic wave equation in his 1865 paper, he uses equation D to cater for electromagnetic induction rather than Faraday's law of induction which is used in modern textbooks.
If an entry can be found with a tag matching that of the desired datum, the datum in the entry is used instead.
When the federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate was founded on 18 May 1947, Koblenz was the temporary capital; in 1950 Mainz became the capital of the new state.
Comparison of the crime rates of the Soviet Union with those of other nations is considered difficult, because the Soviet Union did not publish comprehensive crime statistics.
It has a special significance in flowing through London, the capital of the United Kingdom, although London only touches a short part of its course.
Since Chinese New Year falls on different dates on the Gregorian calendar every year on different days of the week, some of these governments opt to shift working days in order to accommodate a longer public holiday.
The term tube is more widely used in the United States, whereas pipe is more common elsewhere in the world.
When they entered the White House in 1969, the Nixons began inviting families to non-denominational Sunday church services in the East Room of the White House.
Conversations are the ideal form of communication in some respects, since they allow people with different views on a topic to learn from each other.
Jinnah's family belonged to the Ismaili Khoja branch of Shi'a Islam, though Jinnah may have converted to Twelver Shi'a Islam.
The leader of the Titans tells Hercules that he can go free because he is not defending the gods.
Ofelia's stepfather, the Falangist Captain Vidal, viciously hunts the Spanish guerrillas who fight against the Franco regime in the region, while Ofelia's pregnant mother grows increasingly ill.
Betrayal trauma has symptoms similar to post traumatic stress disorder, although the element of amnesia and dissociation is likely to be greater.
On the other hand, catching a cold is not considered an action because it is something which happens to a person, not something done by one.
Males are seen with females only in the mating season, when they join groups of 5-15 kudus, including offspring.
Although her birth did generate public interest, there was no reason to believe then that she would ever become queen, as it was widely assumed that the Prince of Wales would marry and have children of his own.
Hurwicz and his family experienced persecution by both the Bolsheviks and Nazis, as he again became a refugee when Hitler invaded Poland in 1939.
They had a very happy marriage until Jack was killed in an accident on board the Stargazer in 2354 when Wesley was five years old.
It is often stated that Ford chose black because the paint dried faster than other colored paints available at the time, and a faster drying paint would allow him to build cars faster since he would not have to wait as long for the paint to dry.
However, some eclipses can only be seen as a partial eclipse, because the umbra never intersects the Earth's surface, passing above or below the Earth's polar regions.
In order to earn his favor, Aphrodite promised Paris the most beautiful woman in the world.
Napoleon occupied the palace, while his troops made camp nearby.
Since Whedon was directing Serenity at the time, and required time to research Wonder Woman's background, he did not begin the screenplay until late 2005.
Although since 1976 the state Virginia law permitted school districts to implement 60 seconds of silence at the start of each school day, in 1985, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that an Alabama "moment of silence" law was unconstitutional, in the case Wallace v. Jaffree.
He is notable because he renounced a large fortune to live a life of Cynic poverty in Athens.
The world's first quarantine station is built in Venice to quarantine against the Black Death.
He subsequently transferred to Harvard to join the lab of James D. Watson, co-discoverer of the structure of DNA.
If there has been no disruptive behavior meriting the retention of that personal information, then the administrator can delete the page straight away in order to eliminate general public distribution of the history containing the information.
