Einstein on the Beach is an opera scored and written by Philip Glass and designed and directed by theatrical producer Robert Wilson.
France has an important aerospace industry led by the European consortium Airbus, and has its own national spaceport, the Centre Spatial Guyanais.
Waimea, once the capital of Kauai on the island's southwest side, was the first place in Hawaii visited by British explorer Captain James Cook in 1778.
Writing in 350 BC, the Greek philosopher Aristotle declared, "The rule of law is better than the rule of any individual."
The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia, who was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility, Bona Dea, whose festival was held in May.
The specific term "multiverse" was coined in 1895 by psychologist William James.
Thailand is a constitutional monarchy with King Bhumibol Adulyadej, the ninth king of the House of Chakri, as the ruling monarch.
The first section of the motorway, and the first motorway in the country, the Preston by-pass, was built by Tarmac Construction and opened by the then Prime Minister Harold Macmillan on 5 December 1958.
Warner posted three relatively mediocre performances before injuring his groin and being replaced by former starter Josh McCown.
It is based on the novel of the same name by Robert Bloch, which was in turn inspired by the crimes of Wisconsin serial killer Ed Gein.
The genus was named by Linnaeus after the Jesuit botanist Georg Joseph Kamel from Brno, who worked on the Philippines.
King James I of Cyprus inherits the title of King of Armenia after the death of his distant cousin Leo VI (although the Mamluk conquerors from Egypt remain the true rulers).
Released on May 5, 1992 for MS-DOS, the game was inspired by the 1980s Muse Software computer games Castle Wolfenstein and Beyond Castle Wolfenstein.
Until the birth of Prince Hisahito, son of Prince Akishino, on September 6, 2006, there was a potential succession problem, since Prince Akishino was the only male child to be born into the imperial family since 1965.
In 1999, he starred in the teen comedy 10 Things I Hate About You and in the acclaimed Australian crime film Two Hands, directed by Gregor Jordan.
French explorer Jacques Marquette was the first European to reach the Wisconsin River and record its name, arriving in 1673 and calling the river Meskousing in his journal.
Aberdeen is called the "Gateway to the Olympic Peninsula," but it is more famous as being the "Birthplace of Grunge," and the hometown of Nirvana members Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic.
On 25 March 1825 Governor Brisbane mentioned the discoveries of Hovell and Hume in a dispatch and said that he intended to send a vessel to Western Port to have it explored.
Located at the top of Mumbai's Malabar Hill, it is named after Kamala Nehru, the wife of India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru.
After World War I, Hitler remained in the army and returned to Munich, where he — in contrast to his later declarations — attended the funeral march for the murdered Bavarian prime minister Kurt Eisner.
Chun was sentenced to death in 1996 for authorizing the Gwangju massacre, but later pardoned by President Kim Young-sam on the advice of then President-elect Kim Dae-jung, whom Chun himself had sentenced to death some 20 years earlier.
While there he met fellow composers Peter Maxwell Davies and Alexander Goehr, who, together with pianist John Ogdon and conductor Elgar Howarth, formed the New Music Manchester group, dedicated to the performances of serial and other modern works.
The company's first major success came when the Weinsteins teamed up with British producer Martin Lewis and acquired the U.S. rights to two concert films Lewis had produced of benefit shows for human rights organization Amnesty International.
President George W. Bush concurred, and ordered federal aid to supplement state and local response efforts.
Ruth Bell Graham (June 10, 1920   June 14, 2007), wife of the famous evangelist Billy Graham, was born at Qingjiang, Kiangsu, China as Ruth McCue Bell, the second of five children.
The office of Chief Minister was abolished on 1 July 1970 when President Yahya Khan took over the administration of West Pakistan.
In 1769 the Scottish geographer Alexander Dalrymple, whilst translating some Spanish documents captured in the Philippines in 1752, had found Luis Váez de Torres' testimony proving a passage south of New Guinea now known as Torres Strait.
On May 6, 2004, Super Girl was introduced to a national audience by its producer Liao Ke through Hunan Satellite Television.
In 1919 she bore Jinnah his only child, daughter Dina Jinnah.
Titan, Saturn's largest and the Solar System's second largest moon (after Jupiter's Ganymede), is larger than the planet Mercury and is the only moon in the Solar System to possess a significant atmosphere.
When the last duke of Saxe-Wittenberg died without heir in 1422, the Emperor Sigismund gave the duchy to Frederick IV of the house of Wettin, Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia, who thereby became Frederick I, Elector of Saxony.
After 1948, Communist leader Mátyás Rákosi established Stalinist rule in the country complete with forced collectivization and planned economy.
UN secretary-general Thant began serving as acting secretary-general from November 3, 1961, when he was unanimously appointed by the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Security Council, to fill the unexpired term of Dag Hammarskjöld.
But as archaeological sites dating to that time period are rare in Africa, palaeonthologist Curtis Marean analysed information about the geologic formations, the sea currents, climate data and much more in order to pinpoint his research to destinations where it is most likely early modern man lived.
The Bridge on the River Kwai is a 1957 British World War II film by David Lean based on the novel The Bridge over the River Kwai by French writer Pierre Boulle.
Eure is a department in the north of France named after the river Eure.
Her mother was Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge, the third child and younger daughter of Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge, and Princess Augusta of Hesse-Cassel.
Actor Emile Hirsch was cast as Speed, the hero of the animated series, and Christina Ricci portrays Speed's girlfriend, Trixie.
However, he quarrelled with his staff officer Anton von Hohberg und Buchwald.
Executive Minority owner Larry Tanenbaum hired Dryden to become the president of the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey club in 1997.
Edmund was succeeded as king by his brother Edred, king from 946 until 955.
Virgin Records is a British record label founded by English entrepreneur Richard Branson, Simon Draper, and Nik Powell in 1972.
It was discovered in 1873 by the Norwegian physician Gerhard Armauer Hansen, who was searching for the bacteria in the skin nodules of patients with leprosy.
Terrorists tried to force the release of Baader and ten other imprisoned RAF members by kidnapping Hanns Martin Schleyer on 5 September 1977, as part of the sequence of events known as the "German Autumn", which began on 30 July 1977 with the murder of the banker Jürgen Ponto.
On the other side of the watershed, the rivers Tyne, Tees, Wear, Swale, Ure, Nidd, Calder, Wharfe, Aire, Don, and Trent also rise in the region but flow eastwards to the North Sea.
She wrote the books Oboe Technique and the three-volume Oboist’s Companion, and her autobiography Living with Glorious John.
It is the county seat of Bay County and is located just east of the vacation destination Panama City Beach.
Vincenzo Montella (born June 18, 1974 in Pomigliano d'Arco) is a retired Italian footballer who last played for Serie A club Roma.
President Habib Bourghiba of Tunisia had always supported Pakistan's point of view and both these countries enjoy very good relations.
The group's original lineup was Curt Kirkwood (guitar/vocals), his brother Cris Kirkwood (bass guitar), and Derrick Bostrom (drums).
Tropical Storm Franklin suffered high levels of wind shear associated with the development of Tropical Storm Gert, which led the forecasters at the National Hurricane Center to say that Franklin could be torn apart in the next few days.
His most prominent television role has been as Captain Jack Harkness in Doctor Who and its spin-off series Torchwood.
To the end of the 1450s there was once again talk about a war against the Turks, in which the king of Hungary Matthias Corvinus would play the main role.
The components of the coats of arms were regulated by Queen Wilhelmina in a Royal decree of July 10th 1907 and were affirmed by Queen Juliana in a Royal decree of April 23rd 1980.
He is a southpaw boxer, who currently trains under Billy Hussein, brother of boxers Nedal and Hussein Hussein.
Alexander III (Medieval Gaelic: Alaxandair mac Alaxandair; Modern Gaelic: Alasdair mac Alasdair) (4 September 1241 – 19 March 1286), King of Scots, was born at Roxburgh, the only son of Alexander II by his second wife Marie de Coucy.
While visiting her sister in Kentucky in 1809, she was introduced to Lieutenant Zachary Taylor, then home on leave, by Dr. Alexander Duke.
Belushi's younger brother James Belushi is also an actor and comedian.
Songs About Jane is the debut album by Los Angeles rock/pop band Maroon 5.
Paul Erget, in his The Names of the Minor Planets (1955), attributes the name as honouring the first wife of astronomer Camille Flammarion, Sylvie Petiaux-Hugo Flammarion (this entry is signed by A. Paluzie-Borrell).
His younger brother Charles I of Sicily (1227–85) was created count of Anjou, thus founding the second Angevin dynasty.
A Game of Thrones is the first of seven planned novels in A Song of Ice and Fire, an epic fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin.
Chancellor Jia Sidao imprisons the entire embassy of Kublai.
Her father was the Persian noble Abdul Hasan Asaf Khan, the brother of Empress Nur Jehan (who subsequently became the wife of the emperor Jahangir).
British ethologist Richard Dawkins wrote about autocatalysis as a potential explanation for the origin of life in his 2004 book The Ancestor's Tale.
In 1995, he played the comic book based title character Judge Dredd who was taken from the popular British comic book 2000 AD in the film of the same name.
He and his friend Pappu (Shreyas Talpade) are trying to succeed as leading actors.
A variant named "Mini Sudoku" appears in the American newspaper USA Today, which is played on a 6x6 grid with 3x2 regions.
After the Soviet consulate had apparently demanded he divorce Katia and while working with the American Negro Ballet, the inventor fell in love with and married the young prima ballerina Lavinia Williams.
She's So Unusual is the debut studio album by American pop singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper, released in 1983 by Portrait Records (see 1983 in music).
In the first year of its foundation, Anton LaVey and the Church of Satan attracted considerable media attention by publicly performing a Satanic marriage of Judith Case and radical journalist John Raymond.
It is the home ground of the Swiss football team BSC Young Boys, and is currently the second biggest all-seater football stadium in Switzerland.
Peter Senerchia (born October 11, 1967) is an American retired professional wrestler and color commentator best known by his ring name Tazz, originally Tazmaniac and later shortened to simply Taz.
Due to the lack of any major effects from Tropical Storm Tammy, the name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 Season.
Asia King Yuri ascends to the Silla (Korea) throne.
Gilberto da Silva Melo, (born 25 April 1976 in Rio de Janeiro), more commonly known as Gilberto is a Brazilian football player, who is currently playing for Brazilian club Cruzeiro.
Under the Treaty of Pavia, Emperor Louis IV granted during his stay in Italy the Palatinate to his brother Duke Rudolph's descendants.
Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr. (born September 27, 1982), better known by his stage name Lil Wayne, is an American Grammy Award-winning rapper.
Gijsbert Haan or alternate spelling Gysbert Haan (January 3, 1801 - July 27, 1874) was the leader in the 1857 Secession of Dutch-Americans from the Reformed Church in America, and the creator of the Christian Reformed Church in the United States and Canada.
 Despite being popular with the citizens of his community, El Gato Negro is constantly being hunted by local law enforcement led by police Captain Miguel Bustamonte, Francisco's best friend and Mario's older brother.
By the end of that tour, drummer Patrik Räfling left the band, and Anders Johansson, a friend of Magnus Rosén, joined as a touring musician.
Boston manager Art Ross predicted that Thompson, now 35, would play for the Red Wings for at least another five seasons; however, Thompson remained with the team for only two seasons before retiring from playing.
Just as the Kongus are known for their friendliness and hospitality, the eldest brother Kulandaiswamy and his wife Kempayammal lived up to the reputation and took good care of the all the guests who visited them by providing with food and shelter.
On April 13, 2009, when reigning champion Montel Vontavious Porter was drafted from SmackDown to Raw during the 2009 WWE Draft, the title became property of the Raw brand.
Newman married actress Joanne Woodward on February 2, 1958.
She was a godmother (by proxy) at the christening of her niece, Princess Victoria of Kent (the future Queen Victoria), in 1819.
NHL star defencemen Sheldon Souray and Wade Redden are of Métis ancestry.
Ernest Hemingway references Crowley in his memoir A Moveable Feast.
The chairman of the Nation 's board was the economist John Maynard Keynes, who came to be an important influence on the newly merged paper, which started with a circulation of just under 13,000.
The case was resolved on December 20, 2005, when Judge John E. Jones III ruled that the Dover Area School District cannot teach Intelligent Design in a science class room, due to its religious origins.
Lynne Ann Vincent Cheney (born August 14, 1941) is the wife of former United States Vice President Dick Cheney and served as the "Second Lady of the United States" from 2001 to 2009.
She was buried at his side, as well as President John Adams and first lady Abigail Adams, in the United First Parish Church in Quincy, Massachusetts (also known as the Church of the Presidents).
Matthew James Bellamy (born 9 June 1978) is an English rock musician, who is best known as the lead member of the band Muse.
On 7 January 1983, President Carstens nonetheless dissolved the Bundestag and called for new elections.
In 1816 Tsar Alexander I permitted the Polish authorities to create a university, comprising five departments: Law and Administration, Medicine, Philosophy, Theology, and Art and Humanities.
In mathematics, the Riemann zeta function, named after German mathematician Bernhard Riemann who introduced it in 1859, is a prominent function of great significance in number theory because of its relation to the distribution of prime numbers.
The popular American movie critics Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper have given positive reviews of the film.
A member of the Catholic Centre Party until 1932, he was one of the most influential members of the Camarilla of President Paul von Hindenburg in the late Weimar Republic.
Guess Who's Coming to Dinner is a  drama film starring Spencer Tracy, Sidney Poitier and Katharine Hepburn, and featuring Hepburn's niece Katharine Houghton.
He is an author of over 100 romances and 2 operas, including the comic opera Graf Cagliostro.
