She began her career in Canada, and as a teenager recorded two dance-pop albums, Alanis and Now Is the Time, under MCA Records.
She has an older brother, Chad, and a twin brother who is 12 minutes younger than she is.
In 1973, Patrick White was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, the only Australian to have achieved this.
The "castle clock", an astronomical clock invented by Al-Jazari in 1206, is considered to be the earliest programmable analog computer.
In 1837, Charles Babbage was the first to conceptualize and design a fully programmable mechanical computer, his analytical engine.
Time Cube is a website created by Gene Ray in 1997, where he sets out his proposed theory of everything, a description of the nature of the universe.
The shape of the Earth is very close to that of an oblate spheroid, a sphere squished along the orientation from pole to pole such that there is a bulge around the equator.
The Carolingian dynasty ruled France until 987, when Hugh Capet, Duke of France and Count of Paris, was crowned King of France.
His descendants, the Direct Capetians, the House of Valois and the House of Bourbon, progressively unified the country through a series of wars and dynastic inheritance.
Louis XVI and his wife, Marie Antoinette, were executed (in 1793), along with thousands of other French citizens during the Reign of Terror.
France has an important aerospace industry led by the European consortium Airbus, and has its own national spaceport, the Centre Spatial Guyanais.
France has a close association with the Modern Olympic Games; it was a French aristocrat, Baron Pierre de Coubertin, who suggested the Games' revival, at the end of the 19th century.
The Google headquarters, the Googleplex, is located in Mountain View, California.
Northern Ireland, part of the United Kingdom, covers the remaining sixth.
Italy's capital, Rome, was for centuries the center of Western civilization.
The Rajya Sabha, a permanent body, has 245 members serving staggered six year terms.
The best known feature of Jupiter is the Great Red Spot, a persistent anticyclonic storm located 22° south of the equator that is larger than Earth.
Ganymede, the largest of these moons, has a diameter greater than that of the planet Mercury.
Waimea, once the capital of Kauai on the island's southwest side, was the first place in Hawaii visited by British explorer Captain James Cook in 1778.
In 1922, James Dole, the president of Hawaiian Pineapple Company (later renamed Dole Food Company), bought the entire island of Lanai and developed a large portion of it into the world's largest pineapple plantation.
The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia, who was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility, Bona Dea, whose festival was held in May.
In the United States, Memorial Day, a public holiday, is on May 30, but observed on the last Monday in May.
In the late 1800s, Isabel II could not suppress the political tension that would lead to yet another revolt, the First Spanish Republic.
Mars has two moons, Phobos and Deimos, which are small and irregularly shaped.
Mars has two tiny natural moons, Phobos and Deimos, which orbit very close to the planet and are thought to be captured asteroids.
Muslims often refer to the mosque by its Arabic name, masjid.
A common feature in mosques is the minaret, the tall, slender tower that usually is situated at one of the corners of the mosque structure.
The qiblah wall should, in a properly oriented mosque, be set perpendicular to a line leading to Mecca, the location of the Kaaba.
Ulan Bator, the capital and largest city, is home to about 38% of the population.
His best friend, Patrick Star, has been given a page on Facebook as well.
Thailand is a constitutional monarchy with King Bhumibol Adulyadej, the ninth king of the House of Chakri, as the ruling monarch.
For example, when Prince Frederick, Prince of Wales predeceased King George II, his eldest son, Prince George (the future George III) was created Prince of Wales.
The cathedral is dedicated to Eulalia of Barcelona, co-patron saint of Barcelona, a young virgin who, according to Catholic tradition, suffered martyrdom during Roman times in Barcelona.
The first section of the motorway, and the first motorway in the country, the Preston by-pass, was built by Tarmac Construction and opened by the then Prime Minister Harold Macmillan on 5 December 1958.
The present parliament building, the Alþingishús, was built in 1881, of hewn Icelandic stone.
In the collection known as the Homeric hymns, there is a Hymn to Selene (xxxii), paired with the hymn to Helios; in it, Selene is addressed as "far-winged", an epithet ordinarily applied to birds.
In June 2009 it was announced that a new single, "One More Chance", would be released on 10 August 2009.
Located in the Century City area of Los Angeles, just west of Beverly Hills, the studio is a subsidiary of News Corporation, the media conglomerate owned by Rupert Murdoch.
Sunderland, a main trading port at the time, was the first British town to be struck with the 'Indian cholera' epidemic.
The famous Florentine sculptor and architect, Arnolfo di Cambio, was then also working in Rome.
After defeating another leading contender, John Holman, in Miami Beach Auditorium, Florida, on May 9, 1956, he lost a rematch with Jackson on September 26, 1956.
Until the birth of Prince Hisahito, son of Prince Akishino, on September 6, 2006, there was a potential succession problem, since Prince Akishino was the only male child to be born into the imperial family since 1965.
Yunus's marriage with Vera ended within months of the birth of their baby girl, Monica Yunus (b. 1979 Chittagong), as Vera returned to New Jersey claiming that Bangladesh was not a good place to raise a baby.
The two princesses were educated at home under the supervision of their mother and their governess, Marion Crawford, who was casually known as "Crawfie".
The planet is named after Venus, the Roman goddess of love.
Block wrote her first book, Weetzie Bat, while a student at UC Berkeley; it was published in 1989 by Harper Collins.
He replaced Chris Stewart in the summer of 1968 and appears on their first full length album, From Genesis to Revelation, and on the Genesis Archive 1967-75 box set.
Francisco Guerrero, the second and current incarnation of El Gato Negro, is Agustin's grandson.
The second part of the double album, Hypnotize, was released on November 22, 2005.
On 20 August 2003, Portman Road hosted its first and thus far only senior England fixture, a friendly against Croatia, the match finishing 3–1 to England in front of 28,700 spectators.
Mike Richardson, the owner of several comic book shops in the Portland, Oregon metropolitan area, began to publish in 1986 with an anthology series called Dark Horse Presents, investing profits from his stores into Dark Horse Comics.
After signing with Reprise, the band went to work on recording its major label debut, Dookie.
SpongeBob works as a fry cook at the Krusty Krab, a fast-food restaurant, with Squidward as the cashier.
The series premiered on September 22, 2004 during UPN's last two years, and ended on May 22, 2007, after a season on UPN's successor, The CW Television Network.
The first, Warriors, was published in 2003–2004, beginning with Into the Wild, and was followed by Warriors: The New Prophecy, beginning with Midnight.
Their son, Béla II, was born in 1910.
His Shakespeare opera, A Midsummer Night's Dream, followed in 1960.
Tensions between Georgia and the Cherokee Nation were brought to a crisis by the discovery of gold near Dahlonega, Georgia, in 1829, resulting in the Georgia Gold Rush, the first gold rush in U.S. history.
Thus, Mariano was raised by his grandfather, a cabinet-maker who taught him to make wax figurines.
Both his parents were musicians - his mother, a singer, was the director of a children’s orphanage, while his father was the first oboist of the Novosibirsk Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra.
The U.S. government obtained a 99-year lease that began on February 23, 1903, from Tomás Estrada Palma, a Cuban-born citizen, who became the first President of Cuba.
Miramax produced or distributed seven films with box office grosses totalling more than $100 million; its most successful title, Chicago, earned more than $300 million worldwide.
The 1966 FIFA World Cup, the eighth staging of the World Cup, was held in England from 11 July to 30 July.
Timothy McVeigh was later sentenced to death and executed by lethal injection, while his partner, Terry Nichols, was convicted of 161 counts of first degree murder and received life in prison without the possibility of parole.
He served as the nominal head of government from 1742 until his death in 1743, but was merely a figurehead for the true leader of the government, Lord Carteret, the Secretary of State for the Northern Department.
Located at the top of Mumbai's Malabar Hill, it is named after Kamala Nehru, the wife of India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru.
The film follows the story of Diego de la Muerte, a 21-year-old Mexican-American who is abducted, sacrificed, and sent back to the land of the living by the Aztec gods of death and destiny to fulfill an ancient prophecy.
In 1936, Ruth Harkness became the first Westerner to bring back a live Giant Panda, a cub named Su-Lin who went to live at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago.
Ruth Bell Graham (June 10, 1920   June 14, 2007), wife of the famous evangelist Billy Graham, was born at Qingjiang, Kiangsu, China as Ruth McCue Bell, the second of five children.
In ancient times, cattle, important symbols of wealth and status, were led through the smoke of a bonfire.
In 1919 she bore Jinnah his only child, daughter Dina Jinnah.
Titan, Saturn's largest and the Solar System's second largest moon (after Jupiter's Ganymede), is larger than the planet Mercury and is the only moon in the Solar System to possess a significant atmosphere.
When the last duke of Saxe-Wittenberg died without heir in 1422, the Emperor Sigismund gave the duchy to Frederick IV of the house of Wettin, Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia, who thereby became Frederick I, Elector of Saxony.
Two weeks later, she auditioned for a part in An Invasion Of Privacy, a made-for-television film starring Valerie Harper, Carol Kane and Jeff Daniels.
Actor Emile Hirsch was cast as Speed, the hero of the animated series, and Christina Ricci portrays Speed's girlfriend, Trixie.
Alexander III (Medieval Gaelic: Alaxandair mac Alaxandair; Modern Gaelic: Alasdair mac Alasdair) (4 September 1241 – 19 March 1286), King of Scots, was born at Roxburgh, the only son of Alexander II by his second wife Marie de Coucy.
 Despite being popular with the citizens of his community, El Gato Negro is constantly being hunted by local law enforcement led by police Captain Miguel Bustamonte, Francisco's best friend and Mario's older brother.
By the end of that tour, drummer Patrik Räfling left the band, and Anders Johansson, a friend of Magnus Rosén, joined as a touring musician.
She was a godmother (by proxy) at the christening of her niece, Princess Victoria of Kent (the future Queen Victoria), in 1819.
The Table Alphabeticall, the first known English dictionary to be organized by alphabetical ordering, is published.
In the first round of the 2007 Stanley Cup playoffs, the Penguins were defeated 4-1, by Stanley Cup runners-up, the Ottawa Senators.
After her husband's death, Mrs. Polk assumed guardianship of an orphaned niece, Sarah Polk Jetton (1847-1924), and raised the girl as her own.
It was established in 1600 by prince Murad, the  son of the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan; as a result the city came to be known as Moradabad.
That second book, The Firm, became the 7th bestselling novel of 1991.
Shortly after, Omidyar went to work for Claris, an Apple Computer subsidiary, where he helped write MacDraw.
The Lookouts were an American punk rock band that existed from 1985 to 1990 on Iron Peak, a remote rural mountain community outside of Laytonville, California.
Their otherworldly homeland is Jötunheimr, one of the nine worlds of Norse cosmology, separated from Midgard, the world of humans, by high mountains or dense forests.
It is also known for its huge outdoor market, the Seventh-Kilometer Market, the biggest market of the kind in Europe.
In the cult series, he played the mysterious Angel, a vampire with a soul.
His mother, Catherine of Valois, was then 20 years old and, as Charles VI's daughter, was viewed with considerable suspicion and prevented from having a full role in her son's upbringing.
The United States Champion, Edge, defeated the Intercontinental Champion, Test, becoming the new Intercontinental Champion while causing the United States Championship to become inactive.
The winner of the Royal Rumble, Benoit, made his way to the ring, and stated that he would be challenging the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX.
It is located in the capital city, Bucharest.
In 2005, the Reverend David W. Lacy, minister of the town's Henderson Church, was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.
The newspaper's reputation was built on the back of its next editor, Stewart Steven.
The name "Pluto" was proposed by Venetia Burney (later Venetia Phair), an eleven-year-old schoolgirl in Oxford, England.
He then attended The New School for Social Research in New York and the Vancouver Film School, where he met Scott Mosier, his producer for every movie that he has made.
It was discovered by Eugene Delporte in 1936 and named after Adonis, the beautiful youth with whom the goddess Venus fell in love.
To hold the sacramental Host, he designed a miniature version in gilt bronze of Bramante's Tempietto, the little chapel that marks the place of the death of St. Peter.
If the outcome is favorable, the deceased is taken to Osiris, god of the afterlife, in Aaru, but the  demon Ammit (Eater of Hearts) part crocodile, part lion, and part hippopotamus destroys those hearts whom the verdict is against, leaving the owner to remain in Duat.
