April is the fourth month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar, and one of four months with a length of 30 days.
In the east, Islamic art's rejection of iconography led to emphasis on geometric patterns, calligraphy, and architecture.
India and Tibet saw emphasis on painted sculptures and dance with religious painting borrowing many conventions from sculpture and tending to bright contrasting colors with emphasis on outlines.
China saw many art forms flourish, jade carving, bronzework, pottery (including the stunning terracotta army of Emperor Qin), poetry, calligraphy, music, painting, drama, fiction, etc.
Alan Mathison Turing was a British mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst and computer scientist.
She has an older brother, Chad, and a twin brother who is 12 minutes younger than she is.
Australia is a member of the United Nations, G-20 major economies, Commonwealth of Nations, ANZUS, OECD, and the WTO.
Australia has strong international teams in cricket, field hockey, netball, rugby league, rugby union, and performs well in cycling, rowing, and swimming.
Nationally, other popular sports include Australian rules football, horse racing, surfing, football (soccer), and motor racing.
Australia has participated in every summer Olympic Games of the modern era, and every Commonwealth Games.
Australia hosted the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, and has ranked among the top six medal-takers since 2000.
Other major international events held regularly in Australia include the Australian Open, one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments, annual international cricket matches and the Formula One Australian Grand Prix.
The highest rating television programs include sports coverage such as the summer Olympic Games, State of Origin, and the grand finals of the National Rugby League and Australian Football League.
Stars were proven to be similar to the Earth's own Sun, but with a wide range of temperatures, masses, and sizes.
Planetary Astronomy examines the assemblage of planets, moons, dwarf planets, comets, asteroids, and other bodies orbiting the Sun, as well as extrasolar planets.
It is bordered by Iran in the south and west, Pakistan in the south and east, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in the north, and China in the far northeast.
The most common languages spoken in Afghanistan are Eastern Persian (also known as Dari; roughly 50%) and Pashto (roughly 35%).
The Sovietoccupation resulted in the killings of at least 600,000 to 2 million Afghan civilians and many more refugees.
During the Taliban's seven-year rule, much of the population experienced restrictions on their freedom and violations of their human rights.
In descending order by number of inhabitants, the major cities in Argentina are Buenos Aires, Córdoba, Rosario, Mendoza, Tucumán, La Plata, Mar del Plata, Salta, Santa Fe, San Juan, Resistencia and Neuquén.
Argentina claims the Falkland Islands and South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands, which are controlled by the United Kingdom.
Argentina's political framework is a federal presidential representative democratic republic, in which the President of The Argentine Nation is both head of state and head of government, complemented by a pluriform multi-party system.
Austria borders both Germany and the Czech Republic to the north, Slovakia and Hungary to the east, Slovenia and Italy to the south, and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west.
The high mountainous Alps in the west of Austria flatten somewhat into low lands and plains in the east of the country.
Austria has been the birthplace of many famous composers such as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Joseph Haydn, Franz Schubert, Anton Bruckner, Johann Strauss, Sr., Johann Strauss, Jr. and Gustav Mahler as well as members of the Second Viennese School such as Arnold Schoenberg, Anton Webern and Alban Berg.
Vertebrates comprise cyclostomes, bony fish, sharks and rays, amphibians, reptiles, mammals, and birds.
The most common variant of German Blutwurst is made from pork rind, pork blood and regionally different fillers such as barley.
Beijing (also known as Peking) is a metropolis in northern China and the capital of the People's Republic of China. 
Beijing is home to a great number of colleges and universities, including several well-regarded universities of international stature, such as Peking University and Tsinghua University.
There are many sizes and shapes of bottles used for wine.
Black is the lack of all colors of light, or an exhaustive combination of multiple colors of pigment.
Industry is highly concentrated geographically, with the leading concentrations in metropolitan São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Campinas, Porto Alegre, and Belo Horizonte.
Several developers of ENIAC, recognizing its flaws, came up with a far more flexible and elegant design, which came to be known as the "stored program architecture" or von Neumann architecture.
The 1980s witnessed home computers and the now ubiquitous personal computer.
It also can be used as a partial replacement for ground beef or pork.
Calculus (Latin, calculus, a small stone used for counting) is a discipline in mathematics focused on limits, functions, derivatives, integrals, and infinite series.
Their different styles, textures and flavors depend on the origin of the milk (including the animal's diet), whether it has been pasteurized, the butterfat content, the species of bacteria and mold, and the processing including the length of aging.
It is valuable for its portability, long life, and high content of fat, protein, calcium, and phosphorus.
English and German are the most widely spoken foreign languages.
Denmark is divided into five regions and a total of 98 municipalities.
Sailing and other water sports are popular, as are indoor sports such as badminton, handball, golf and various forms of gymnastics.
Of these four planets, Earth also has the highest density, the highest surface gravity, the strongest magnetic field, and fastest rotation.
The remaining 29.2% not covered by water consists of mountains, deserts, plains, plateaus, and other geomorphologies.
The case-fatality rates were 88% in 1976, 59% in 1994, 81% in 1995, 73% in 1996, 80% in 2001-2002, and 90% in 2003.
The cause of death is usually due to hypovolemic shock or organ failure.
Egypt is famous for its ancient civilization and some of the world's most famous monuments, including the Giza pyramid complex and its Great Sphinx.
France is also a founding member of the United Nations, and a member of the Francophonie, the G8, NATO, OECD, WTO and the Latin Union.
It is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council, possesses the third largest number of nuclear weapons in the world and the largest number of nuclear power plants in the European Union.
France is bordered (clockwise from the north) by Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Monaco, Andorra, and Spain.
The government retains considerable influence over key segments of infrastructure sectors, with majority ownership of railway, electricity, aircraft, and telecommunications firms.
Wheat, poultry, dairy, beef, and pork, as well as an internationally recognised foodstuff and wine industry are primary French agricultural exports.
During the 17th century Pierre Corneille, Jean Racine and Molière's plays, Blaise Pascal and René Descartes's moral and philosophical books deeply influenced the aristocracy leaving an important heritage for the authors of the following decades.
The 18th century saw the works of writers, essayists and moralists such as Voltaire, Denis Diderot and Jean-Jacques Rousseau.
The football team is among the most successful in the world, particularly at the turn of the 21st century, with one FIFA World Cup victory in 1998, one FIFA World Cup second place in 2006, and two European Championships in 1984 and 2000.
It borders Sweden on the west, Russia on the east, and Norway on the north, while Estonia lies to its south across the Gulf of Finland.
Finland joined the European Union in 1995, and the Eurozone in 1999.
Geography is the study of the Earth and its lands, features, inhabitants, and phenomena.
Arguments for the existence of God typically include metaphysical, empirical, inductive, and subjective types, while others revolve around holes in evolutionary theory and order and complexity in the world.
Euler's formula relating the number of edges, vertices, and faces of a convex polyhedron was studied and generalized by Cauchy and L'Huillier, and is at the origin of topology.
At the southeastern end of the archipelago, the eight main islands are (from the northwest to southeast) Niihau, Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lanai, Kahoolawe, Maui and Hawaii.
Food exports include coffee, macadamia nuts, pineapple, livestock, and sugarcane.
India's largest cities are Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad.
The meaning for the birthstone pearl is health and longevity.
July starts on the same day of the week as April every year, and January in leap years.
The four largest moons, known as the "Galilean moons", are Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto.
Prominent examples of legislatures are the Houses of Parliament in London, the Congress in Washington D.C., the Bundestag in Berlin, the Duma in Moscow, the Parlamento Italiano in Rome and the Assemblée nationale in Paris.
Most executives in both systems are responsible for foreign relations, the military and police, and the bureaucracy.
Later he learned French, Latin, Greek, Hebrew, and English, and had an interest in Italian, Spanish and Lithuanian.
The second Sunday in May is Mother's Day in the United States, Canada and Australia.
Islamic parties in Turkey, Pakistan and Algeria have taken power at the provincial level.
Modern margarine can be made from any of a wide variety of animal or vegetable fats, and is often mixed with skimmed milk, salt, and emulsifiers.
The magnification of a magnifying glass depends on where it is placed between the user's eye and the object being viewed, and the total distance between the eye and the object.
Prominent contributors to theory include Lawrence Kohlberg and Elliot Turiel.
Many mosques have elaborate domes, minarets, and prayer halls.
These mosques have square or rectangular plans with an enclosed courtyard and covered prayer hall.
As a result, the rest of the Muslim community is responsible for providing the participants with food, drinks, and whatever else they need during their stay.
Tourists are able to visit the island through a limited number of supervised tours, including beach, diving, hiking, and hunting safaris.
The typical kebab shop in the UK will offer hot chilli sauce and garlic yoghurt-style sauce, and in different regions may also offer barbecue sauce, burger sauce, lemon juice, or a mint sauce similar to raita.
In Portugal, Spain, Southern France and some Latin American countries, bulls are used in the activity of bullfighting; a similar activity, Jallikattu, is seen in South India; in many other countries this is illegal.
Hall built a house, sheds and stockyards and established a stock of cattle which he sold at the Lambing Flat goldfield; this was where he met Frank Gardiner.
The Britannica generally prefers British spelling over American; for example, it uses colour (not color), centre (not center), and encyclopaedia (not encyclopedia).
The Short-beaked Echidna is covered in fur and spines and has a distinctive snout and a specialized tongue, which it uses to catch its prey at a great speed.
Their country is organized by Ministry of Love, Ministry of Power and Ministry of Wisdom, and they use a strange substance named Nivridium in order to their self-perfect idea.
He replaced Chris Stewart in the summer of 1968 and appears on their first full length album, From Genesis to Revelation, and on the Genesis Archive 1967-75 box set.
The use of matcha in modern drinks has also spread to North American cafés where, as in Japan, it has become integrated into lattes, iced drinks, milkshakes, and smoothies.
Central Piedmont Community College is the city's junior college system and the largest community college in North Carolina and South Carolina.
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers not wishing to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew.
He is a writer of more than 20 forms of poetry, drama, essays and literary criticism, and has been writing and publishing haiku for over 20 years.
They can be spun into filaments, string or rope, used as a component of composite materials, or matted into sheets to make products such as paper or felt.
Aberdeen is called the "Gateway to the Olympic Peninsula," but it is more famous as being the "Birthplace of Grunge," and the hometown of Nirvana members Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic.
It had a limited release in Canada and the United States on December 29, 2006, in Australia on January 18, 2007, in Taiwan on April 27, 2007, in Slovenia on May 17, 2007 and in Japan on September 29, 2007.
Arriving at the Rhône in September, Hannibal's army numbered 38,000 infantry, 8,000 cavalry, and 37 war elephants.
Thousands of these refugees have resettled in Western countries since the late 1970s, mostly the United States but also Australia, France, French Guiana, and Canada.
Its territory comprised the parts of the German Confederation north of the river Main, plus Prussia's eastern territories and the Duchy of Schleswig, but excluded Austria, Bavaria, Württemberg, Baden and the southern parts of the Grand Duchy of Hesse.
Frank Miller (born January 27, 1957) is an American writer, artist and film director best known for his dark, film noir-style comic book stories and graphic novels for Dark Horse Comics, DC Comics, and Marvel Comics.
An ellipsis can also be used to indicate a pause in speech, an unfinished thought or, at the end of a sentence, a trailing off into silence (aposiopesis).
Taylor Dayne (born Leslie Wunderman; March 7 1962) is an American pop vocalist, song-writer, dance artist, and actress.
In 2003, guitarist/back-up vocalist John Nolan and bassist Shaun Cooper left the band to form Straylight Run.
Tantalum () (formerly tantalium ) is a chemical element with the symbol Ta and atomic number 73.
The carnival consists of four well defined phases which include the pre-carnival, the arrival of the Castaneda Family, the day of the blacks and the day of the whites.
