The birthstone of April is the diamond, and the birth flower is typically listed as either the Daisy or the Sweet Pea.
August's flower is the gladiolus or poppy, and its birthstone is the peridot.
Sculptures, cave paintings, rock paintings, and petroglyphs from the Upper Paleolithic dating to roughly 40000 years ago have been found, but the precise meaning of such art is often disputed because so little is known about the cultures that produced them.
The word use of Basic English is like full English, but the rules are much simpler, and there are fewer exceptions.
There were cities in the vicinities of Beijing by the 1st millennium BC, and the capital of the State of Yan, one of the powers of the Warring States Period (473-221 BC), Ji, was established in present-day Beijing.
Wilhelm Schickard's 1623 device was the first of a number of mechanical calculators constructed by European engineers, but none fit the modern definition of a computer, because they could not be programmed.
By the late 1970s, many products such as video recorders contained dedicated computers called microcontrollers, and they started to appear as a replacement to mechanical controls in domestic appliances such as washing machines.
The Giotto probe found that Comet Halley's nucleus reflects approximately 4% of the light that falls on it,  and Deep Space 1 discovered that Comet Borrelly's surface reflects 2.4–3.0% of the light that falls on it.
Most are produced by fermentation of the fungus Mucor miehei, but others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family.
The planet formed 4.54 billion years ago, and life appeared on its surface within a billion years.
Technetium was the first purportedly non-naturally occurring element to be synthesized, in 1937, although trace amounts of technetium have since been found in nature, and the element may have been discovered naturally in 1925.
Only logged-in users can create writeups, and only the author of a writeup or an editor appointed by the site administrators can edit a writeup.
Gaul was conquered for Rome by Julius Caesar in the 1st century BC, and the Gauls eventually adopted Roman speech (Latin, from which the French language evolved) and Roman culture.
Much of the Enlightenment occurred in French intellectual circles, and major scientific breakthroughs were achieved by French scientists in the 18th century.
Louis-Napoléon was unseated following defeat in the Franco-Prussian war of 1870 and his regime was replaced by the Third Republic.
There were several languages and dialects and each writer used his own spelling and grammar.
Someone who works well with plants is said to have a green thumb or green fingers, and the word greenhorn refers to an inexperienced person.
Google was founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were students at Stanford University and the company was first incorporated as a privately held company on September 4, 1998.
Historically gallons has had many different definitions, but there are three definitions in current use.
In the North, English is the de facto official language, but official recognition is afforded to both Irish and English language.
For example, a school can have an interim principal, or a country can have an interim prime minister.
Economic reforms since 1991 have transformed it into one of the fastest growing economies, however, it still suffers from high levels of poverty, illiteracy, disease, and malnutrition. 
In addition, every state and union territory has its own official languages, and the constitution also recognises in particular 21 other languages that are either abundantly spoken or have classical status.
Based on spectroscopy, Saturn is thought to be similar in composition to Jupiter, but the other gas giants Uranus and Neptune have relatively much less hydrogen and helium.
Meat is ritually slaughtered, and meat and milk are not eaten together, based on the biblical injunction against cooking a kid in its mother's milk.
Other items have washed down gullies and still others lie beneath the waters offshore.
The turnover officially occurred on November 11, 2003, but the cleanup has not yet been completed.
In the United Kingdom, May Day is May 1, but a public holiday is held on the first Monday in May.
In the Irish calendar May 1 is Beltane (Bealtaine), the first day of Summer, and a public holiday is held on the first Monday in May.
During the dictatorship of Francisco Franco, especially during the 1960s, the south of Madrid became very industrialized, and there were massive migrations from rural areas of Spain into the city.
Muslims are the majority in 57 countries, they speak about 60 languages and come from diverse ethnic backgrounds.
Muslim women often dress extremely modestly, and many do so by choice.
Islamic economics bans interest or Riba (Usury) but in most Muslim countries Western banking is allowed.
In that year, Egypt made peace with Israel, the government of Iran was overthrown in the Iranian Revolution, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan began.
Mercury is the innermost and smallest planet in the Solar System, Pluto was once considered the smallest, but, as of 2008, it is classified as a dwarf planet.
Mercury is bright when viewed from Earth, ranging from −2.3 to 5.7 in apparent magnitude, but it is not easily seen as its greatest angular separation from the Sun is only 28.3°.
Mars is named after the mythological Roman god of war because it is a red planet, and red is the colour of blood.
Their skin is smooth and usually dark-matte, but some species have colorful skins.
Cholera hit the city in 1835, and fire destroyed large parts of Nicosia in 1857.
In 1877, he opened a flour mill at the nearby Watab River, and in 1884 he started the Sartell Brothers Lumber Company with his sons.
The state is part of the Mata Atlântica biome, and its topography comprises both mountains and plains, located between the Mantiqueira Mountains and the Atlantic Ocean.
Dufay was to remain in Cambrai through the 1440s, and during this time he was also in the service of the Duke of Burgundy.
The problem with using more disks is that it is more likely that one will fail, but by using error checking the total system can be made more reliable by being able to survive and repair the failure.
Thunderstorms were reported on the island, and maximum reported winds on the island reached 45 mph (72 km/h).
In 1926 it became the capital of Niger, and the population gradually increased, from about 3,000 in 1930 to around 30,000 in 1960, 250,000 in 1980 and - by some estimates - 800,000 in 2000.
Demosthenes grew interested in politics during his time as a logographer, and in 354 BC he gave his first public political speeches.
Linwood G. Dunn expanded the concept in the 1930s, and the development continued well into the 1980s, when the printers were controlled with minicomputers.
Many consider the flavor to be very agreeable, but it is generally bitter if steeped in boiling water, so it is made using hot but not boiling water.
It can also be said that 42 is divisible by 7, 42 is a multiple of 7, 7 divides 42, or 7 is a factor of 42.
In Japan, 1.97 million copies were sold, and 2.93 million have been sold in the United States as of 2008.
No systematic study of the ecology of the Short-beaked Echidna has been published; however, there have been studies of several aspects of their ecological behaviour.
He was promoted to captain in 1781, and was given command of the Europe, but in 1784 he was back on half pay.
Following her success, Chase was then signed by an agent who specialised in commercials and at the age of 7, she appeared in a Campbells Soup advertisement.
He had unleashed a reign of terror on earth, heaven and the nether worlds, and he could not be defeated by any man or god, anywhere.
There are over 90 flavors worldwide, however most of them are only available in certain countries.
Their country is organized by Ministry of Love, Ministry of Power and Ministry of Wisdom, and they use a strange substance named Nivridium in order to their self-perfect idea.
For all structures the pinnacle height is given, so the height of skyscrapers may differ from the values at List of skyscrapers.
This situation changed in 1942, during World War II, when Brazil declared war against Germany and the German immigrants were required to learn Portuguese and to follow a Brazilian way of life.
Oklahoma later became the de facto name for Oklahoma Territory, and it was officially approved in 1890, two years after the area was opened to white settlers.
Both nucleic acid sequences use complementary language, and the information is simply transcribed, or copied, from one molecule to the other.
However, it restricted the president to one seven-year term, and Chun did not attempt to amend the document so he could run for reelection in 1987.
An open string looks like a short line, so its worldsheet will look like a strip or, more generally, a Riemann surface with a boundary.
After the festivities, Clara wakes up under the Christmas tree with the Nutcracker toy in her arms and the curtain closes.
John of Gaunt died in 1399, and without explanation, Richard cancelled the legal documents that would have allowed Henry to inherit Gaunt's land automatically; instead, Henry would be required to ask for the lands from Richard.
As a result, his popularity grew more and more, and he became the protagonist of another show developed especially for him, called Grillometro (Grillometer).
Aberdeen is called the "Gateway to the Olympic Peninsula," but it is more famous as being the "Birthplace of Grunge," and the hometown of Nirvana members Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic.
They are appointed for life, although the customary age of retirement is 75 and the sovereign may remove them.
Saturn has a very hot interior, reaching 11,700 °C at the core, and it radiates 2.5 times more energy into space than it receives from the Sun.
Braille characters are much larger than their printed equivalents, and the standard 11" by 11.5" (28 cm &times; 30 cm) page has room for only 25 lines of 43 characters.
His conjecture was completely proved by Chebyshev (1821–1894) in 1850 and so the postulate is also called the Bertrand-Chebyshev theorem or Chebyshev's theorem.
At this time Ipswich were an amateur side (the team became professional in 1936) and the first visit of a professional club came in 1892, when Preston North End played a Suffolk County Football Association team.
His early work is sometimes evocative of Igor Stravinsky and Olivier Messiaen (composers he has acknowledged as influences) and his technique of juxtaposing blocks of sound is sometimes compared to Edgard Varèse.
According to some authors, he was descended from Jews forcibly converted to Catholicism after 1492, and one of his forebears had been burned by the Inquisition for secretly continuing to practise Judaism.
The capital of Zanzibar, located on the island of Unguja, is Zanzibar City, and its old quarter, known as Stone Town, is a World Heritage Site.
The white pulp of the cupuaçu is uniquely fragrant, and it contains theacrine (1,3,7,9-tetramethyluric acid) instead of the xanthines (caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline) found in cacao.
As Nintendo's mascot, Mario is one of the most famous characters in video game history, and his image is commonly associated with video games.
The two districts were also renamed after their administrative seats, thus Jerichow I became District Burg, and Jerichow II became District Genthin.
Until Saint-Estève, the climb is easy: 3.9% over 5,8 km, but the 16 remaining kilometres have an average gradient of 8.9%.
By the early 1960s a more general system was needed, and on July 1, 1963, non-mandatory ZIP codes were announced for the whole country.
More stores were started, and in 1938, the company incorporated into Hyde & Vredenburg, Inc.
His political involvement increased, and his partner Defert joined the ultra-Maoist Gauche Proletarienne (GP).
More than three thousand mourners attended his funeral, which was given full state honours, and he was buried in Westminster Abbey.
The capital of Alabama is Montgomery, and the largest city by population is Birmingham.
On May 13, 1497, the rigorous Father Savonarola was excommunicated by Pope Alexander VI, and in 1498, Alexander demanded his arrest and execution.
His popularity in France went down during the 1870s after the Second Empire, and he fled France, but during the last years of his life, his popularity rebounded, and several of his operettas are still performed.
His father's posting lasted six years, so Powell's early childhood was spent in a flat in Kensington, overlooking Kensington Gardens, where he often played.
It is among the first birds to sing at dawn, and its song consists of several discrete units that are repeated.
The majority, including nearly all Northern Hemisphere species, have mainly dark plumage, but some Southern Hemisphere species are black and white, and a few (e.g. the Spotted Shag of New Zealand) are quite colourful.
Most of the historic roots of Ripuarian languages are in Middle High German, but there were other influences too, such as Latin, Low German, Dutch, French, and Southern Meuse-Rhenish (Limburgish).
Most miscarriages occur very early in pregnancy, in most cases, they occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant.
The state of Prussia was dissolved after the end of the Nazi era, and the new state of Saxony-Anhalt was established, with Delitzsch being a part of it.
His language abilities allowed him to preach in English, French, and German, and his sermons were translated into over a dozen other languages.
Sea urchin roe is a popular food in Korean cuisine, and it is called "uni" in Japanese sushi cuisine.
The ashes of the victims of the SS were scattered between the huts, and the entire area is seen as a grave site.
The paper was published in early 1968, the authors were honoured by IBM, their work was widely welcomed and subsequently improved upon, and cache soon became standard usage in computer literature.
In 1984, her parents divorced and she was brought up by her mother on the Upper East Side.
Both have legislative, judicial, and public power within their boundaries, but cities can choose between a mayor-council, council-manager, or strong mayor form of government, while towns operate through an elected officer system.
Romania changed sides and joined the Allies, but its role in the defeat of Nazi Germany was not recognized by the Paris Peace Conference of 1947.
The distillate can be bottled clear, to produce a Blanche or la Bleue absinthe, or it can be colored using artificial or natural coloring.
She tells Hercules that Hera is angry and not to go to Mount Olympus for his own good, but he decides to go and Iolaus stays behind to entertain the Goddess of Love, but she leaves when an earthquake starts.
