Chinese styles vary greatly from era to era and are traditionally named after the ruling dynasty.
She began her career in Canada, and as a teenager recorded two dance-pop albums, Alanis and Now Is the Time, under MCA Records.
Australia hosted the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, and has ranked among the top six medal-takers since 2000.
By the middle of the sixth century BC, the Persian Empire of the Achaemenid Persians overthrew the Median Empire and incorporated Afghanistan (known as Arachosia to the Greeks) within its boundaries.
Austria has been a member of the United Nations since 1955, joined the European Union in 1995, and is a founder of the OECD.
A boot is a type of footwear that covers at least the foot and the ankle and sometimes extends up to the knee or even the hip.
Computers using vacuum tubes as their electronic elements were in use throughout the 1950s, but by the 1960s had been largely replaced by transistor-based machines, which were smaller, faster, cheaper to produce, required less power, and were more reliable.
In the 1970s, integrated circuit technology and the subsequent creation of microprocessors, such as the Intel 4004, further decreased size and cost and further increased speed and reliability of computers.
China has one of the world's oldest civilizations and has the oldest continuous civilization.
The text of Wikipedia is copyrighted (automatically, under the Berne Convention) by Wikipedia editors and contributors and is formally licensed to the public under one or several liberal licenses.
Some cathedral cities, such as St David's in Wales and Wells in England, are quite small, and may not be known as cities in common parlance.
From 1922, following the partition of Ireland, Dublin became the capital of the Irish Free State (1922–1949) and now is the capital of the Republic of Ireland.
This makes it not only easier to learn, but means it can be typed using a normal keyboard.
Danish is the official language and is spoken throughout the country.
E2 users called noders create entries called nodes and add information in multiple writeups.
A doctor who specializes in the treatment of the feet practices podiatry and is called a podiatrist.
France is one of the founding members of the European Union, and has the largest land area of all members.
France is also a founding member of the United Nations, and a member of the Francophonie, the G8, NATO, OECD, WTO and the Latin Union.
It is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council, possesses the third largest number of nuclear weapons in the world and the largest number of nuclear power plants in the European Union.
France is a member of the United Nations and serves as one of the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council with veto rights.
Christianity first appeared in the 2nd and 3rd centuries AD, and became so firmly established by the fourth and fifth centuries that St. Jerome wrote that Gaul was the only region “free from heresy”.
Thus the French emblem was adopted and is currently used on passports.
France retains strong political and economic influence in its former African colonies and has supplied economic aid and troops for peace-keeping missions in the Ivory Coast and Chad.
France has an important aerospace industry led by the European consortium Airbus, and has its own national spaceport, the Centre Spatial Guyanais.
The patent was officially assigned to Stanford University and lists Lawrence Page as the inventor.
Euler's formula relating the number of edges, vertices, and faces of a convex polyhedron was studied and generalized by Cauchy and L'Huillier, and is at the origin of topology.
The interim person may also be called an acting principal or acting prime minister, as they do not have the official position, but serve in the same manner.
An idiom is a phrase whose meaning cannot be determined by the literal definition of the phrase itself, but refers instead to a figurative meaning that is known only through common use.
Later he learned French, Latin, Greek, Hebrew, and English, and had an interest in Italian, Spanish and Lithuanian.
In 1922, James Dole, the president of Hawaiian Pineapple Company (later renamed Dole Food Company), bought the entire island of Lanai and developed a large portion of it into the world's largest pineapple plantation.
Muslims are the majority in 57 countries, they speak about 60 languages and come from diverse ethnic backgrounds.
Modern margarine can be made from any of a wide variety of animal or vegetable fats, and is often mixed with skimmed milk, salt, and emulsifiers.
MESSENGER will make one more pass by Mercury in 2009, followed by orbital insertion in 2011, and will then survey and map the entire planet.
Internal structure Mercury is one of four terrestrial planets in the Solar System, and is a rocky body like the Earth.
Mosques originated on the Arabian Peninsula, but are now found in all inhabited continents.
Having at the age of eighteen become a member of the Society of Jesus, he studied theology at Coimbra, and afterward became professor in the university of Évora, Portugal.
In 1975 he took part in the West German embassy siege in Stockholm, and was arrested after the siege failed and was subsequently imprisoned.
The season officially began on June 1, 2006, and lasted until November 30.
The typical kebab shop in the UK will offer hot chilli sauce and garlic yoghurt-style sauce, and in different regions may also offer barbecue sauce, burger sauce, lemon juice, or a mint sauce similar to raita.
The game was developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision.
The album also reached number 2 on the Australian and Belgian charts, and debuted at number 12 in the Billboard 200, with 48,000 copies sold.
Hall built a house, sheds and stockyards and established a stock of cattle which he sold at the Lambing Flat goldfield; this was where he met Frank Gardiner.
When the container's valve is opened, the liquid is forced out of a small hole and emerges as an aerosol or mist.
A radioactive metallic element in the actinide series, berkelium was first synthesized by bombarding americium with alpha particles (helium ions) and was named after the University of California, Berkeley.
Overall, the climate is warm and humid, and heavily influenced by warm sea currents.
It is the largest harbor on the south side of the island and is surrounded by steep hills creating an enclave cut off from its immediate hinterland.
Whedon had been a fan of the series for some time, and had a letter published in the first volume, which was included in the Volume 1 hardcover.
Such arrangements are rare and poorly understood, but represent an interesting alternative construction.
Whedon convinced them he could do it for less money, without filming in Canada, and do it in 50 days, instead of the usual 80.
The etymology of the common name Emu is uncertain, but is thought to have come from an Arabic word for large bird that was later used by Portuguese explorers to describe the related Cassowary in Australia and New Guinea.
He was promoted to captain in 1781, and was given command of the Europe, but in 1784 he was back on half pay.
The Book of the Dead was most commonly written on a papyrus scroll and placed in the coffin or burial chamber of the deceased.
Arguably the most famous Japanese ghost story of all time, it has been adapted for film over 30 times, and continues to be an influence on Japanese horror today.
Focus on the Family (FOTF, or FotF) is an American evangelical tax-exempt non-profit organization founded in 1977 by James Dobson, and is based in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The Short-beaked Echidna is covered in fur and spines and has a distinctive snout and a specialized tongue, which it uses to catch its prey at a great speed.
When Bron left Russia in 1987 to teach at the Royal Academy of Music (RAM), Vengerov and his mother followed him there, and did so again after Bron moved to Lübeck to open a school there.
It is used in chemistry and biology laboratories and consists of a tee fitting which is attached to a faucet and has a hose barb at one side.
The crisis ranks with the Berlin Blockade as one of the major confrontations of the Cold War, and is generally regarded as the moment in which the Cold War came closest to a nuclear war.
In April 1865, Joe sent a petition to the Chief Justice, and received four years off his sentence.
The term was coined by Thomas Henry Huxley in April 1860, and was used to describe evolutionary concepts, including earlier concepts such as Malthusianism and Spencerism.
On July 30, 1980, Richard suffered a stroke and collapsed while playing a game of catch before an Astros game, and was rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery to remove a life-threatening blood clot in his neck.
He then returned to the United Kingdom and moved to the Orkney Islands, initially to Hoy in 1971, and later to Sanday, where he lives with his partner Colin Parkinson.
Dolley spent her teenage years in Philadelphia, and attended Salem Academy in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
He replaced Chris Stewart in the summer of 1968 and appears on their first full length album, From Genesis to Revelation, and on the Genesis Archive 1967-75 box set.
The Portuguese started arriving in the 1750s, mainly from the Azores islands, and colonized the coast.
Thompson recorded three shutouts in the five playoff games, and gave only three goals.
The Missouri River is a tributary of the Mississippi River, and is the longest river in the United States of America.
He is a writer of more than 20 forms of poetry, drama, essays and literary criticism, and has been writing and publishing haiku for over 20 years.
Sweden has been a member of the European Union since 1 January 1995 and is a member of the OECD.
From here, Microsoft issued three release candidates between July and November 1999, and finally released the operating system to partners on 12 December 1999.
They can be spun into filaments, string or rope, used as a component of composite materials, or matted into sheets to make products such as paper or felt.
The letter was never published and was concealed until re-discovered in 1930.
Michaels then hit McMahon with Sweet Chin Music and pinned McMahon to win the match.
Following his graduation, he worked from 1898 to 1900 as a newspaper reporter in New York City, but returned to Richmond in 1901, where he worked several months on the staff of the Richmond News.
Its territory comprised the parts of the German Confederation north of the river Main, plus Prussia's eastern territories and the Duchy of Schleswig, but excluded Austria, Bavaria, Württemberg, Baden and the southern parts of the Grand Duchy of Hesse.
The series premiered on September 22, 2004 during UPN's last two years, and ended on May 22, 2007, after a season on UPN's successor, The CW Television Network.
Compound eyes are common in arthropods, and are also present in annelids and some bivalved molluscs.
During the match, after Undertaker executed a Tombstone piledriver, Henry came out and attacked Undertaker, causing the match the end via disqualification.
The single "First Love" was their first to chart in the UK top 40, and was followed by "About Your Dress", which peaked at #33.
It has been suggested that human trafficking is the fastest growing form of modern day slavery and is the third largest and fastest growing criminal industry in the world.
This was the first release version to be called Pidgin, and contained a completely new graphics design.
On 25 March 1825 Governor Brisbane mentioned the discoveries of Hovell and Hume in a dispatch and said that he intended to send a vessel to Western Port to have it explored.
These features are called "epigenetic" because they exist "on top" of the DNA sequence and retain inheritance from one cell generation to the next.
The author has successfully painted the difference of sensibility towards sexuality between male and female and has her own credibility for the frankness to deal with sensitive matters, be they matters of politics or matters of sexuality.
Timothy McVeigh was later sentenced to death and executed by lethal injection, while his partner, Terry Nichols, was convicted of 161 counts of first degree murder and received life in prison without the possibility of parole.
In the 1970s, Bishara attended the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, was the head of the Arab Student Union, and was also active in the Jewish-Arab student group Campus.
In 1906 he was elected to Dublin Corporation, and retained the seat until 1924.
In early 1506, he returned to Venice and stayed there until the spring of 1507.
He served as the nominal head of government from 1742 until his death in 1743, but was merely a figurehead for the true leader of the government, Lord Carteret, the Secretary of State for the Northern Department.
It was founded on April 4 1959 and became entirely self-governing when it gained independence from France on June 20 1960.
It was first played on the guitar, just before Dominic Scott left the band, and recorded as a demo the same year with a Yamaha CP70 instead of the guitar.
In 2006, she was named one of Teen People's "25 Hottest Stars Under 25", and in 2007, was on the Forbes list as the 5th highest paid celebrity under 21, earning $2.5 million.
During the Paleolithic, humans grouped together in small societies such as bands, and subsisted by gathering plants and hunting or scavenging wild animals.
Here, simulations of evolution using evolutionary algorithms and artificial life started with the work of Nils Aall Barricelli in the 1960s, and was extended by Alex Fraser, who published a series of papers on simulation of artificial selection.
At its height the city covered over 30 km² (over 11½ square miles), and probably housed a population of over 150,000 people, possibly as many as 250,000.
A rare transition metal of the platinum group of the periodic table, ruthenium is found associated with platinum ores and used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys.
At the September 1930 Reichstag elections the Nazis won 18.3% of the vote and became the second-largest party in the Reichstag after the SPD.
He was born in New York, grew up in Whittier, California, and studied film at California State University, Long Beach.
It was discovered in 1979 in images taken by Voyager 1, and was named in 1983 after the first wife of Zeus, Metis.
Olaf then turned north, and on October 12 made a second landfall near Manzanillo, Colima, as a tropical depression.
