Introducing herself as a fervent admirer, she commissioned some pieces for violin and piano to play at her estate.
Some other former islands, including Bennelong Island, Garden Island and Berry Island, have subsequently been linked to the shore by land reclamation.
This means that if a lot of processing is done, the single item will be accessed more than once, thus leading to temporal locality of reference.
In the parabolic superposition compound eye type, seen in arthropods such as mayflies, the parabolic surfaces of the inside of each facet focus light from a reflector to a sensor array.
First called Muckle Ridge, the city was renamed after a hero of the American Revolution, Francis Marion.
The principal mosquito borne diseases are the viral diseases yellow fever and dengue fever, transmitted mostly by the Aedes aegypti, and malaria carried by the genus Anopheles.
He worked in factories in various cities during World War II, drifting until he found himself in Detroit in 1948 working at Ford Motor Company.
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, receiving the temporary designation .
Following a successful amateur career, she turned professional in 2005 when she signed with the Hamburg boxing promoter Spotlight Boxing.
Classified as a terrestrial planet, it is sometimes called Earth's "sister planet" because they are similar in size, gravity, and bulk composition.
On Saturday, August 27, the storm reached Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, becoming the third major hurricane of the season.
Located at 41.5º N, Alberto became a tropical storm further north than any other Atlantic tropical cyclone since reliable tropical cyclone observation began in 1941.
During production, first Rocky was cut, then Disney decided the 60's style rock would cause the song to be considered dated later, leading "We're Your Friends" to be changed to the barbershop quartet that appears in the final film.
In total, he made over 250 senior appearances, scoring three goals, two of which were in his own net.
By 473 BC, after the death of Phrynichus, one of his chief rivals, Aeschylus was the yearly favorite in the Dionysia, winning first prize in nearly every competition.
After the Division of Erfurt in 1572, Coburg was part of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach, ruled by the Ernestine duke John Casimir jointly with his brother John Ernest.
Dew Process is an independently managed label, distributed in Australia and New Zealand by Universal Music Australia.
Found in about 85% of phyla, these basic forms were probably the precursors to more advanced types of "simple eye".
This makes it by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy, being about two and a half times the height of the next largest, Mount Vesuvius.
LIFE, also known as The Game of Life, is a board game originally created in 1860 by Milton Bradley, as The Checkered Game of Life.
The iliac crests are higher and more pronounced in males, making the male false pelvis deeper and more narrow than in females.
At this time Leonardo wrote an often-quoted letter to Ludovico, describing the many marvellous and diverse things that he could achieve in the field of engineering and informing the Lord that he could also paint.
Puccini was born in Lucca in Tuscany, into a family with five generations of musical history behind them, including composer Domenico Puccini.
On December 25, 1991, Gorbachev resigned as president of the USSR, declaring the office extinct and ceding all the powers still vested in it to the president of Russia: Yeltsin.
On the day after taking office, the Lord Mayor's Show is held; the Lord Mayor, preceded by a procession, travels to the Royal Courts of Justice on the Strand, Westminster to swear allegiance to the Sovereign in the presence of the judges of the High Court.
Named after Billy Graham, the center is the primary location for many of Wheaton College's bible and theology classes, as well as the graduate school's main headquarters, and host to multiple museums and auditoriums.
In 1976, Sayeret Golani were sent to Entebbe in Uganda to rescue 246 Jewish hostages on Air France flight 139, hijacked by PLO terrorists who boarded during an Athens stopover.
The U-Bahn and S-Bahn public transit networks, rebuilt after the war, continued to span all occupation sectors.
Originally founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1929 to enter amateur drivers in various races, in 1933 Scuderia Ferrari became the acting racing team of Alfa Romeo.
Classical notions of abiogenesis, now more precisely known as spontaneous generation, held that certain complex, living organisms are generated by decaying organic substances.
Estádio Cícero Pompeu de Toledo is a stadium in São Paulo, Brazil, popularly known as Estádio do Morumbi, or just Morumbi, because of its location in the city's Morumbi neighborhood.
This game is played by teams of 5 players on a trapezium shaped field, mostly located on marketplaces.
This final civil war, culminating in the latter's defeat at Actium, resulted in the permanent ascendancy of Octavian, who became the first Roman emperor, under the name Caesar Augustus, a name that raised him to status of a deity.
Close to the release of Windows 2000 Service Pack 1, Microsoft released Windows 2000 Datacenter Server, targeted at large-scale computing systems with support for 32 processors, on 29 September 2000.
Rarely having more than ten thousand subscribers, the journal reached its peak influence from the late 1930s to the early 1960s, but then gradually lost its relevance to modern American culture.
Comparing land areas, Puerto Rico is 8/10 the size of Jamaica and 8/100 the size of Cuba, the next smallest and the largest countries in the Greater Antilles, respectively.
Since its release, Guitar Hero II has been met with both critical and commercial success, helping the Guitar Hero series become a cultural phenomenon.
The Spanish undertook the construction of a new city on the foundations of the old Inca city, replacing temples with churches and palaces with mansions for the conquerors.
Honeydew is a sugar-rich sticky substance, secreted by aphids and some scale insects as they feed on plant sap.
It provides a molecular-level interpretation of thermodynamic quantities such as work, heat, free energy, and entropy, allowing the thermodynamic properties of bulk materials to be related to the spectroscopic data of individual molecules.
Directed by George Clooney and starring Sam Rockwell, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind depicted Barris as being responsible for 33 killings.
She coached many young women in the art of acting, including actress and courtesan Liane de Pougy.
He emphasized self-help and intellectual uplift of the masses as an alternative, stating that British imperialism was a "political symptom of our social disease", urging Indians to accept that "there can be no question of blind revolution, but of steady and purposeful education".
He was caught the next day, but while on the run he had killed the horse and cut his brand out of the hide, thus destroying the evidence.
On February 5, 2006, Cowher's Pittsburgh Steelers won Super Bowl XL by defeating the Seattle Seahawks 21-10, giving Cowher his first Super Bowl ring.
The most famous geyser in the park, and perhaps the world, is Old Faithful Geyser, located in Upper Geyser Basin.
After passing her matriculation exam in 1949, Vigdís studied French and French literature at the University of Grenoble and the Sorbonne in Paris from 1949–53, history of theater at the University of Copenhagen, and acquired a BA in French and English, as well as PGCE, at the University of Iceland.
The event, held at Herrington Country Park in the shadow of Penshaw Monument, was attended by 30,000 visitors and featured Foo Fighters, Kasabian, KT Tunstall, Chemical Brothers and The Black Eyed Peas.
To that end, many of the elephants were especially large, often weighing in excess of nine tons.
In 1983, French scholar George Wellers was one of the first to use German data on deportations to estimate the number killed at Auschwitz, arriving at 1.613 million dead, including 1.44 million Jews and 146,000 Catholic Poles.
Mrs. Roosevelt came out of retirement in 1932 and gave a seconding speech on the behalf of Herbert Hoover in his bid for re-election, thus campaigning against her nephew-in-law Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
This film was a modest hit at the box office, grossing over $38 million in the United States and over $75 million worldwide, and earned several awards and nominations.
While experimenting with their new vocalist, the band continued to do shows at the Safari club, during one of which Colsefini surprised his band and fans alike announcing on stage that he was leaving the band.
Knowing that she has become a target, Jun tells Jin about Ogre, and instructs him to go straight to Heihachi should anything happen.
In 1998 he went one better, reaching the semi-final for the first time, by which time he was ranked as one of the top 10 ATP players.
Its hotness is more akin to that of a hot mustard than the capsaicin in a chili pepper, producing vapors that stimulate the nasal passages more than the tongue.
Whedon approached Nathan Fillion to play the lead role of Malcolm Reynolds; after explaining the premise and showing Fillion the treatment for the pilot, Fillion was eager for the role.
It is also a traditional food in Chile, known as an "erizo de mar".
A website is a set of World Wide Web pages, usually written in HTML, that are viewed using a web browser.
Diet Crabs are omnivores, feeding primarily on algae , and taking any other food, including molluscs, worms, other crustaceans, fungi, bacteria and detritus, depending on their availability and the crab species.
The Henry VII Lady Chapel, now more often known just as the Henry VII Chapel, is a large Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey built in the Perpendicular Gothic style.
Space is one of the few fundamental quantities in physics, meaning that it cannot be defined via other quantities because nothing more fundamental is known at the present.
According to Microsoft, Windows Server 2003 is more scalable and delivers better performance than its predecessor, Windows 2000.
As a result, large parts of France reject Henry III as their king, forcing him to side with Henry of Navarre Undated Ahmad al-Mansur, sultan of Morocco, demands that the king of Songhay pay a heavy tribute in exchange for Saharan salt, probably as an intentional provocation.
The Terminator then sacrifices himself, asking Sarah to lower him into the steel so that his technology cannot be used to create Skynet.
Tagore wrote many non-fiction books, writing on topics ranging from Indian history to linguistics.
The drama, featuring 5566 in its lead roles, exceeded expectations by having a higher viewership rating than several other idol dramas at the time.
Regardless, Keralites maintain high rates of newspaper and magazine subscriptions, with 50 percent spending an average of about seven hours a week reading novels and other books.
In the 1950s, hi-fi became a generic term, to some extent displacing phonograph and record player.
In October, The Gazette embarked on their first European tour, performing in England, Finland, France, and Germany.
New York Rangers Näslund signed a two-year, $8 million contract with the New York Rangers on July 3, 2008, leaving Vancouver as the franchise's leading point and goal scorer.
In 1871 Reno became the county seat of the newly expanded Washoe County, replacing the previous county seat, located in Washoe City.
In 2008, total passengers at London Luton increased by 2.6% to 10,180,734, the first time over 10 million passengers were handled in a single year, making it the fifth busiest airport in the UK.
On September 7, Oliwa started a period of rapid strengthening, becoming a typhoon on September 8 and a Super Typhoon eight hours later.
Situated in the Highland part of the county, Dull consists of a single street of houses on the north side of the valley of the River Tay.
They compete in the Scottish Premier League and are one of the most successful teams in their country, having won four league titles and seven Scottish Cups, including a record three in a row during the 1980s, the only time a team other than Rangers has done this since 1882.
Despite being launched after Voyager 2, Voyager 1 was sent on a faster trajectory so it reached Jupiter and Saturn before its twin space probe did.
The first such event, then known as the British Empire Games, was held in 1930 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
According to Ovid's Latin narrative, Arachne's tapestry featured twenty-one episodes of the infidelity of the gods, disguised as animals: Zeus being unfaithful with Leda, with Europa, with Danaë.
Tyler comforted Julia in her grief and won her consent to a secret engagement, proposing in 1843 at the George Washington's Ball.
While helping, Jeckle and a second man were hit by another driver who lost control.
Working in coordination with a network of offices, chapters and supporters throughout the United States and affiliated organizations around the world, the ANCA actively advances the concerns of the Armenian American community on a broad range of issues.
In 1998, the U.S. National Institutes of Health brought U.S. definitions into line with World Health Organization guidelines, lowering the normal/overweight cut-off from BMI 27.8 to BMI 25.
Although the glaciers did not reach Hartley, the tundra like permafrost allowed seasonal rivers to flow over the otherwise porous chalk, thus creating the "dry valley" at Hartley Bottom.
The 1932 Winter Olympics, officially known as the III Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1932 in Lake Placid, New York, United States.
The scientific method Physics uses the scientific method to test the validity of a physical theory, using a methodical approach to compare the implications of the theory in question with the associated conclusions drawn from experiments and observations conducted to test it.
In 2001, they released their debut album Lickin' On Both Sides, featuring hits "All I Want", "One Night Stand", "B with Me" and double A-side single "Roll On/This Is How We Do It".
The Mario series is a series of highly popular and acclaimed video games by Nintendo, featuring Nintendo's mascot Mario and, in many games, his brother Luigi.
Shellfish is a culinary and fisheries term for exoskeleton bearing aquatic invertebrate used as food, including various species of molluscs, crustaceans, and echinoderms.
The adults are herbivorous and feed with their rhipidoglossan radula on macroalgae, preferring red or brown algae.
Molotov cocktails were eventually mass-produced by the Alko corporation at its Rajamäki distillery, bundled with matches to light them.
The Blake River Megacaldera Complex, also called the Blake River Group, is a giant subaqueous caldera cluster or a nested caldera system that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada.
After serving in the Royal Corps of Signals in the Second World War, Amis returned to Oxford in October 1945 to complete his degree.
The Universal House of Justice, first elected in 1963, remains the successor and supreme governing body of the Bahá'í Faith, and its 9 members are elected every five years by the members of all National Spiritual Assemblies.
Assuming a broad range average of between 3 to 5 ejaculations per week for healthy males, this would mean 5 to 7 ejaculations per week.
Mongol leader Ghazan Khan is converted to Islam, ending a line of Tantric Buddhist leaders.
Kelly, dressed in home-made plate metal armour and helmet, was captured and sent to jail.
Founded on 15 January 2001 and reaching three million articles by August 2009, it was the first edition of Wikipedia and remains the largest, with more than three times as many articles as the next largest, the German Wikipedia.
MCNLive A Mandriva-based distribution designed to run from CD or USB Flash Drive, focused on multimedia, internet, graphics.
While holed up in the Glenrowan Inn, the Kelly gang's attempt to derail the police train failed due to the actions of a released hostage, schoolmaster Thomas Curnow.
However, he died suddenly of a heart attack in November 1974, while making a public speech to the Royal College of Physicians in Dublin.
