Control of the domain was passed to the secondary market, and was taken by domain squatters who were trying to sell the domain name for 10,000 euros.
John Ellis "Jeb" Bush (born February 11, 1953) is an American politician who served as the 43rd Governor of Florida.
Pierre-Auguste Renoir (February 25, 1841 December 3, 1919) was a French artist who was a leading painter in the development of the Impressionist style.
Some psychiatrists who criticize their own profession say that comorbidity, when an individual meets criteria for two or more disorders, is the rule rather than the exception.
Ghulam Ahmad was an important religious figure who claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies about the world reformer of the end times who was to herald the Eschaton as predicted in the traditions of various World religions and bring about the final triumph of Islam as per Islamic prophecy.
A switch is an individual who plays in either role.
Samael is also sometimes identified as being the angelic antagonist who wrestled with Jacob, and also the angel who held back the arm of Abraham as he was about to sacrifice his son.
She was arrested in October 1970 with Brigitte Asdonk when she walked into an apartment in which police were hiding.
Marshall is well-known for proving that bacteria Helicobacter pylori are the cause of most stomach ulcers, reversing decades of medical doctrine which held that ulcers were caused by stress, spicy foods, and too much acid.
A substratum is a language which is influenced by another, while a superstratum is the language that exerts the influence.
The town of El Puerto de Santa Maria is 10 km north east of Cadiz across the bay of Cadiz and is best known for its ferry El Vaporcito which has been in operation for 76 years carrying passengers to and from Cadiz to El Puerto.
It is used in chemistry and biology laboratories and consists of a tee fitting which is attached to a faucet and has a hose barb at one side.
A pulpit (from Latin pulpitum "scaffold", "platform", "stage") is a small elevated platform from which a member of the clergy delivers a sermon in a house of worship.
The genus is hermaphroditic, having perfect flowers which, being wind-pollinated, are apetalous.
Dajiang is a type of fermented soybean paste that is popular in Northeast China which bears a great similarity in texture and taste to the Korean soybean paste called doenjang.
As a schoolboy, Rau was active in the Confessing Church, a circle of the German Protestant Church which actively resisted Nazism.
Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.
For example, the God of Sunday is Surya which has red color.
For communication between two entities, the KDC generates a session key which they can use to secure their interactions.
The albedo of an object is the extent to which it diffusely reflects light from the Sun.
A night shift is either a group of workers who work during the night, or the period in which they work.
The remainder of the video presents Knowles dancing on top of a sugar cube, dancing with backing dancers whose faces are partially concealed, lying in a circle of light, and riding a mechanical bull.
The club was formed in 1946 from the merger of two existing sports clubs whose roots can be traced back to the 1890s, Sampierdarenese and Andrea Doria.
A molecular cloud, sometimes called a stellar nursery if star formation is occurring within, is a type of interstellar cloud whose density and size permits the formation of molecules, most commonly molecular hydrogen (H2).
Walter Stanborough Sutton (April 5, 1877 - November 10, 1916) was an American geneticist and physician whose most significant contribution to present-day biology was his theory that the Mendelian laws of inheritance could be applied to chromosomes at the cellular level of living organisms.
Their use when clothing is stored out-of-season gave rise to the colloquial usage of the terms mothballed and put into mothballs to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended.
Consequently, local officials in Sichuan province have lifted the restriction for families whose only child was either killed or severely injured in the disaster.
If the outcome is favorable, the deceased is taken to Osiris, god of the afterlife, in Aaru, but the  demon Ammit (Eater of Hearts) part crocodile, part lion, and part hippopotamus destroys those hearts whom the verdict is against, leaving the owner to remain in Duat.
It was discovered by Eugene Delporte in 1936 and named after Adonis, the beautiful youth with whom the goddess Venus fell in love.
A trustworthy person is someone in whom we can place our trust and rest assured that the trust will not be betrayed.
In 1883, Pulitzer, by then a wealthy man, purchased the New York World, a newspaper that had been losing $40,000 a year, for $346,000 from Jay Gould.
At its 1986 Ard Fheis, Sinn Féin delegates passed a resolution to amend the rules and constitution that would allow its members to sit in the Dublin parliament (Leinster House/Dáil Éireann).
The Qingzang railway, Qinghai–Xizang railway, or Qinghai–Tibet railway (; ), is a high-altitude railway that connects Xining, Qinghai Province, to Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region, in China.
It includes two songs from the original film, "That's All I Need" and "Hakuna Matata", re-performed by Nathan Lane who took over the role of voicing the character Timon.
There are also sub-dialects in Syrian Arabic; for example, people from Aleppo have a distinct and distinguishable accent, one that differs considerably from that of people from Homs or Al-Hasakah.
In addition to the standard client, Mibbit also supports a widget client that can be embedded into a web page.
Get Born is the 2003 debut album by Australian rock band Jet which, as of November 2006, has sold 3.5 million copies throughout the world.
The area contains an extensive Egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city newly established and built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty (c. 1353 BC), and abandoned shortly afterwards.
It is the only Norwegian organisation that specialises in international efforts aimed at this target group.
A proxy server that passes requests and replies unmodified is usually called a gateway or sometimes tunneling proxy.
Top Chef is an American reality competition show that airs on the cable television network Bravo, in which chefs compete against each other in culinary challenges.
Die Lollipops is a children's band which formed in Germany in the summer of 2000 under the Edelkids label, a subsidiary of Edel Music.
It also forged a relationship between the town and Dunblane, a Scottish town which suffered a similar incident earlier that year.
They put on a headband with the rising sun, and a senninbari, a "belt of a thousand stitches" sewn by a thousand women who made one stitch each.
The Hollywood branch of the Multnomah County Library, near where she lived as a child, commissioned a map that is on its lobby wall of Henry Huggins's Klickitat Street neighborhood.
Beverly Hills, 90210 is a prime time television drama series that aired from October 4, 1990 to May 17, 2000 on FOX in the United States, and subsequently on various networks around the world.
It was selected over a more modern model so that the audience would immediately recognize it as the device that interfaced with the telephone.
José Edmílson Gomes de Moraes (born 10 July 1976 in Taquaritinga), commonly known as just Edmílson, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a centre-back or defensive midfielder for Palmeiras.
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard (March 13, 1911 – January 24, 1986) was an American science fiction author who developed a self-help system called Dianetics, which was first published in 1950.
Ligand-gated ion channel receptors are a class of receptor that may occur both at the cell-surface or intracellularly.
Post-hardcore is a music genre that evolved from hardcore punk, itself an offshoot of the broader punk rock movement.
Initiated during 1988 as a quintet which originally included Marc Nelson, Boyz II Men found fame as a quartet, with members Nathan Morris, Michael McCary, Shawn Stockman,and Wanya Morris on Motown Records during the early 1990s.
Minmi, named for Minmi Crossing, Australia (where it was found), is a genus of small ankylosaurian dinosaur that lived during the early Cretaceous Period, about 119 to 113 million years ago.
A squall is a sudden, sharp increase in wind speed which is usually associated with active weather, such as rain showers, thunderstorms, or heavy snow.
Charlotte A. Cavatica , or simply Charlotte, is a spider who befriends Wilbur, who at first seems bloodthirsty due to her method of catching food.
Helene was a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the North Atlantic Ocean, peaking as a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central Atlantic.
Unlike the Hilda asteroids whose eccentricity is fairly typical of main belt asteroids, Thule has a very low eccentricity – actually much lower than that of Jupiter itself and only slightly higher than that of Earth.
An administrator who notices your request may decide to look into the matter, or let other administrators consider the request.
Diprotodon minor Zygomaturus trilobus was a smaller (bullock-sized, about two metres long by one metre high) Diprotodontid that may have had a short trunk.
They signed an oath of allegiance in their own blood which Berlinsky retained.
A soap bubble is a very thin film of soapy water that forms a sphere with an iridescent surface.
This makes it essential to focus critically on the most important part of the subject, as elements that are even a millimetre closer or farther from the focal plane might be noticeably blurry.
In computing, the SSH File Transfer Protocol (sometimes called Secure File Transfer Protocol or SFTP) is a network protocol that provides file transfer and manipulation functionality over any reliable data stream.
In August 1935, the remnants of an unnamed tropical storm that landed on Southern California caused torrential rain and flooding across Arizona, especially along the Santa Cruz River and Rillito Creek on Southern Arizona.
One of the four young men who founded the club had taken a day trip on this ship with his father.
Ten years after leaving office, in January 1983, Agnew paid the state of Maryland nearly $270,000 as a result of a civil suit that stemmed from the bribery allegations.
The can-can (more correctly not hyphenated, as in the original French: cancan) is regarded today primarily as a physically demanding music hall dance, performed by a chorus line of female dancers who wear costumes with long skirts, petticoats, and black stockings, that hearkens back to the fashions of the 1890s.
Perhaps the best-known species is the electric eel (Electrophorus electricus) which uses powerful electric shocks (up to 600 volts) for hunting and self-defense.
The majority of these spawn gametes, breeding in mass spawning events that are controlled by the rising sea temperatures of spring and summer, the lunar cycle, and the diurnal cycle.
Most of their training is done on the job while working for an employer who helps the apprentices learn their trade, in exchange for their continuing labour for an agreed period after they become skilled.
There are some species of organisms that require organic compounds as a source of carbon, but are able to use light or inorganic compounds as a source of energy.
The county was named after Revolutionary War hero Elijah Clarke and included 250 square miles (640km²) of land that was originally part of Jackson County.
It was he who came up with the idea of Presidential government based on the so-called "25/48/53 formula".
Annals (Latin Annales, from annus, a year) are a concise form of historical writing which record events chronologically, year by year.
The game is believed to have descended from ancient Irish football known as caid which dates back to medieval times, although the modern rules were not set down until 1886.
Adhesive or glue is a compound in a liquid or semi-liquid state that adheres or bonds items together.
The interior forms a depression that is only a few meters above sea level in the western part and is below sea level (filled by the lagoon) in the east central part.
Some animals — such as dogs, cats, dolphins, bats, and mice — have an upper frequency limit that is greater than that of the human ear and thus can hear ultrasound.
Susie Derkins Susie Derkins, the only important secondary character with both a given name and a family name, is a classmate of Calvin's who lives in his neighborhood.
The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) (Norwegian: Flyktninghjelpen) is an independent, humanitarian non-governmental organisation which provides assistance, protection and durable solutions to refugees, internally displaced persons, and returnees worldwide.
A recipe is a set of instructions that show how to prepare or make something, especially a culinary dish.
José David Alfaro Siqueiros (December 29, 1896 in Camargo, Chihuahua, Mexico - January 6, 1974 in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico) was a social realist painter (muralist), and also a Stalinist, known for large murals in fresco that established the Mexican Mural Renaissance  together with work by Diego Rivera, Orozco, and others.
Tate is used as the operating name for the corporate body which was established by the Museums and Galleries Act 1992 as The Board of Trustees of the Tate Gallery.
A plywood bottom can be attached to the bottom of a box, which can then be placed on a tabletop or raised platform for those who wish to garden without bending or squatting, or to make gardening easy for wheelchair, cane or walker users.
Zub is a game written for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum which was published in 1986 by Mastertronic and was written by John and Ste Pickford on the ZX Spectrum and Phillip Brian Allsopp on the Commodore 64 with music on all formats composed by David Whittaker.
Ole Gunnar Solskjær, (born 26 February 1973 in Kristiansund, Møre og Romsdal) is a Norwegian football manager and former footballer who spent all but 6 years of his career playing for Manchester United, often dubbed the "Baby-faced assassin".
Due to its favourable geographical position, the city grew rapidly and became a large trade centre which connected Russia with China and Mongolia and, from 1690, was the administrative center of the Transbaikal region.
Similarly, an "umbrella organization" can be an organization which is a central and coordinating body representing a number of smaller, separate bodies.
An apron is an outer protective garment that covers primarily the front of the body.
To hold the sacramental Host, he designed a miniature version in gilt bronze of Bramante's Tempietto, the little chapel that marks the place of the death of St. Peter.
It was this currency which was initially adopted as an Arab word; then near the end of the 7th century the coin became an Islamic currency bearing the name of the sovereign and a religious verse.
The Hoboken election of 2005 is an election that was held on May 10 2005 in Hoboken, New Jersey for Hoboken residents, in which the Mayor of Hoboken was chosen based on the number of votes.
Only a portion of the sea has been imaged by radar, but its wider extent is indicated in visible light images that indicate a larger expanse.
IMT testimony of Julius Streicher, Friday, 26th April, 1946 In 1920 he turned to the Deutschsozialistische Partei (German Socialist Party), a group whose platform was close to that of the young NSDAP, or National Sozialistische Deutsche Arbeiter Partei (National Socialist German Worker's Party).
New major spending programs that addressed education, medical care, urban problems, and transportation were launched during this period.
A hearing dog is a specific type of assistance dog specifically selected and trained to assist people who are deaf or hearing impaired by alerting their handler to important sounds, such as doorbells, smoke alarms, ringing telephones, or alarm clocks.
This river was one of the major rivers of Ancient India which no longer exists.
However, villagers who make wine for their own use sometimes still tread the grapes with their bare feet, until the juice is squeezed out.
Media studies is an academic discipline that deals with the content, history and effects of various media, in particular mass media.
These produce a combined cycle that repeats every 60 years.
