Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on the Public Broadcasting Service.
In architectural decoration Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, however, which are composed of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
SummerSlam (2009) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate rather a stony surface composition.
Name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in - ka formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo (a tiny drum that makes almost no sound) and tend to have more elaborate -- even acrobatic -- choreography.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
The PAD called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the PAD accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from Union station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
This month was originally named Sextilis in Latin, because it was the sixth month in the ancient Roman calendar, which started in March about 735 BC under Romulus.
The first and broadest sense of art is the one that has remained closest to the older Latin meaning, which roughly translates to "skill" or "craft," and also from an Indo-European root meaning "arrangement" or "to arrange".
Argentina's political framework is a federal presidential representative democratic republic, in which the President of The Argentine Nation is both head of state and head of government, complemented by a pluriform multi-party system.
Large-scale automatic data processing of punched cards was performed for the U.S. Census in 1890 by tabulating machines designed by Herman Hollerith and manufactured by the Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation, which later became IBM.
The secret British Colossus computers (1943)B. Jack Copeland, ed., Colossus: The Secrets of Bletchley Park's Codebreaking Computers, Oxford University Press, 2006, which had limited programmability but demonstrated that a device using thousands of tubes could be reasonably reliable and electronically reprogrammable.
Computers using vacuum tubes as their electronic elements were in use throughout the 1950s, but by the 1960s had been largely replaced by transistor-based machines, which were smaller, faster, cheaper to produce, required less power, and were more reliable.
These plates are rigid segments that move in relation to one another at one of three types of plate boundaries: Convergent boundaries, at which two plates come together, Divergent boundaries, at which two plates are pulled apart, and Transform boundaries, in which two plates slide past one another laterally.
The third form of rock material found on Earth is metamorphic rock, which is created from the transformation of pre-existing rock types through high pressures, high temperatures, or both.
It is tidally locked to Earth, which means it always has the same side facing the Earth.
It is frequently used as an appositive noun, in which case it serves as an adjective meaning "in between", "transitional" or "temporary".
Mars has two moons, Phobos and Deimos, which are small and irregularly shaped.
The English name for the planet comes from the Romans, who named it after the Roman god Mercury, which they equated with the Greek Hermes.
Directed by Wolfgang Reitherman, it was the last to be produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production.
River was a child prodigy, whose brain was subjected to experiments.
The two princesses were educated at home under the supervision of their mother and their governess, Marion Crawford, who was casually known as "Crawfie".
Bishamon is portrayed holding a spear in one hand and a small pagoda in the other hand, the latter symbolizing the divine treasure house, whose contents he both guards and gives away.
Family On August 13, 1943, Graham married Wheaton classmate Ruth Bell (1920 2007), whose parents were Presbyterian missionaries in China, where her father, L. Nelson Bell, was a general surgeon.
From 1969-1978, this record was held by the John Hancock Center, whose antenna reached a height of 1,500 ft (457.2 m), or 49 ft (14.8 m) taller than the Sears Tower's original height of 1,451 ft (442 m).
Economy Sartell's largest employers are Verso Paper, which operates a paper mill in the city, and DeZurik Water Controls, whose valve production plant is located in Sartell.
In April 1821, the family moved a few miles to Haworth, where Patrick had been appointed Perpetual Curate.
Ledger attended Mary's Mount Primary School, in Gooseberry Hill, and later Guildford Grammar School, where he had his first acting experiences, starring in a school production as Peter Pan at age 10.
Later he emigrated to France, from where he returned to attempt the assassination of Benito Mussolini, Italy's Fascist Duce.
Representation usually refers to representative democracies, where elected officials nominally speak for their constituents in the legislature.
Barbirolli conducted the orchestra for 25 years in many cities, including at the Cheltenham Festival, where he premiered many new works.
The Ottauquechee rises in the Green Mountains in eastern Rutland County in the town of Killington, and flows generally eastwardly into Windsor County, where it passes through or along the boundaries of the towns of Bridgewater, Woodstock, Pomfret, Hartford and Hartland; and the villages of Woodstock and Quechee.
Origins and early political career Honecker was born on Max-Braun-Straße in Neunkirchen, now Saarland, as the son of a coal miner, Wilhelm, who in 1905 had married Caroline Catharina Weidenhof.
He was married twice, to the model Pattie Boyd in 1966, and to the record company secretary Olivia Trinidad Arias in 1978, with whom he had one son, Dhani Harrison.
Pushkin and his wife Natalya Goncharova, whom he married in 1831, later became regulars of court society.
On 13 December, 2003 he married his former personal assistant, Nicoletta Mantovani, with whom he already had a daughter, Alice.
She is the adoptive mother of actor Dylan McDermott, whom she adopted when he was 18 and she was 26.
He is the son of George Adams, who is the Director of Football at the Dingwall club.
The current president, Mary McAleese, who is herself the first President of Ireland from Northern Ireland, continues on from Mary Robinson in this regard.
Gert Engels (born 26 April 1957) is a former German football (soccer) player, who is currently the manager of the Japanese club Urawa Red Diamonds.
Phelps was also strongly influenced by William Fellner and Henry Wallich, whose courses emphasized the expectations of agents.
Ralph H. Baer (born March 8,1922) is a German-born Jewish American video game pioneer, inventor, engineer, widely known as "The Father of Video Games",  who is noted for his many contributions to games and the video game industry.
Guru Rinpoche refers to Padmasambhava, the "Second Buddha", who brought Tantric Buddhism to Tibet.
The second pilot of The Big Bang Theory was directed by James Burrows, who did not continue with the show.
Speculations arose that Shang, who appeared to be a copycat of Li Yuchun's image, was voted grand champion due to the appeal of her Cinderella story.
In Paris he met the Danish sculptress Anna Marie Brodersen, who was also traveling on scholarship.
SpongeBob's neighbor and best friend is a pink starfish named Patrick Star, who lives under a rock.
Carole Ann Ford, who played Susan Foreman, became unhappy with the lack of development for her character, and chose to leave in its second series.
The new Greater London Authority would be headed by a directly elected mayor, who would be watched over by a 25-member Assembly.
The city was named in honor of King Louis XVI of France, whose soldiers at the time were aiding Americans in the Revolutionary War.
The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia, who was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility, Bona Dea, whose festival was held in May.
The band is named after the Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, whose assassination preceded World War I, the band picked it after seeing a racehorse called The Archduke Ferdinand.
He disliked the discipline of the conservatory course of study, yet he still achieved very good grades in most areas, an exception being the organ, which was mandatory for piano students.
The first present is a film projector, which shows him a documentary on birds.
The only named storm to make landfall this year was Hurricane Rosa, which killed several people in Mexico.
In the Disney films his species was changed to the white-tailed deer, which would be more familiar to American audiences.
Their name derives from the name of the mountainous region in the north of Algeria, which they traditionally inhabit.
The territories, which were originally contained within the British Mandate of Palestine, were captured and occupied by Jordan and by Egypt in the late 1940s, and captured and occupied by Israel in the 1967 Six-Day War.
He co-founded the Reeve-Irvine Research Center, which is now one of the leading spinal cord research centers in the world.
On his second visit, in April, Grieg brought with him the manuscript of his Piano Concerto, which Liszt proceeded to sightread (including the orchestral arrangement).
Butterflies are a natural monophyletic group, often given the sub-order Rhopalocera, which includes Papilionoidea (true butterfiles), Hesperiidae (skippers), and Hedylidae (butterfly moths).
With the events of Autumn of Nations in 1989, Europe signed a new treaty of union, which, as of 2007, encompasses 27 European countries with a population of over 400 million people.
Braille identified the major failing of the code, which was that the human finger could not encompass the whole symbol without moving, and so could not move rapidly from one symbol to another.
She was soon appointed second oboe with the Royal Opera House touring company, which was conducted by John Barbirolli.
Virgin Trains is a train operating company in the United Kingdom, which currently provides services from London Euston to the West Midlands, North West England, North Wales and Scotland, and from Birmingham New Street to North West England and Scotland, on the West Coast Main Line.
The Old Kingdom is perhaps best known, however, for the large number of pyramids, which were constructed at this time as pharaonic burial places.
Heston is known for having played heroic roles, such as Moses in The Ten Commandments, Colonel George Taylor in Planet of the Apes, Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar in El Cid, and Judah Ben-Hur in Ben-Hur, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor.
His best-known achievements are the discovery of the enzyme lysozyme in 1923 and the antibiotic substance penicillin from the fungus Penicillium notatum in 1928, for which he shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945 with Howard Walter Florey and Ernst Boris Chain.
The park was the site of The Great Exhibition of 1851, for which the Crystal Palace was designed by Joseph Paxton.
It was during this time that he wrote several of his most appreciated works, in which may be traced influences of the contemporary movement of music in Germany, which country he frequently visited during the years 1836-1842.
The authoritarian King Carol II abdicated in 1940, succeeded by the National Legionary State, in which power was shared by Ion Antonescu and the Iron Guard.
In November 1996, the world's worst recorded outbreak of E.coli 0157 occurred in the town, in which 20 people died and around 200 were infected.
Lamia Lamia was a queen of Libya, whom Zeus loved.
He is a prince in his own colony, and worships Cama Zotz, the brother of Nocturna, whom the Silverwings and other bats like them believe in.
After his arrival in the United States, he wrote a novel about convict life called Moondyne: An Australian Tale, whose central character was called Moondyne Joe.
Goldie Jean Hawn (born November 21, 1945) is an American actress, film director and producer, whose career has spanned nearly four decades.
Foreign Minister Dick Spring, who was leader of the Labour Party, advised her not to meet Adams, whose party was linked with the Provisional IRA.
However, plans for increased autonomy were opposed by the Gaullist opposition in the French National Assembly, who feared that they would lead to calls for autonomy from other régions (such as Brittany, Alsace or Rousillon), eventually threatening France's unity as a country.
Origin The video originated from a Brazilian distributor and filmographer, Marco Fiorito, who describes himself as a "compulsive fetishist".
In 1952 she married Ronald Reagan, who was then president of the Screen Actors Guild, and they had two children.
It is more likely that he was trained by Giuliano's father Francesco di Luca Verrocchio, who was a rich and successful goldsmith and knew Andrea as a youth.
NHL career Boston Bruins Thompson began his National Hockey League (NHL) career with the Boston Bruins in the 1928–29 season after his contract was purchased by Boston manager Art Ross, who had never seen him play before, owing to his good reputation in Minnesota.
The six films feature the Jedi, who use the Force for good, and the Sith, who use the dark side for evil in an attempt to take over the galaxy.
The organizers tried but ultimately failed to arrest Yeltsin, who rallied mass opposition to the coup.
In 1984 and 1988, Prunk was awarded scholarships by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation, which enabled him to continue his studies in Cologne and Freiburg.
The NSA suggested a couple of changes, which Rivest incorporated.
Neighbours is a Logie Award-winning Australian soap opera, which began airing in March 1985.
