Muhammad preferred women to pray at home rather than at a mosque, and according to the hadith Muhammad said: "The best mosques for women are the inner parts of their houses", although Muhammad told Muslims not to forbid women from entering mosques.
It can also be said that 42 is divisible by 7, 42 is a multiple of 7, 7 divides 42, or 7 is a factor of 42.
On 25 March 1825 Governor Brisbane mentioned the discoveries of Hovell and Hume in a dispatch and said that he intended to send a vessel to Western Port to have it explored.
The two reconciled soon after, and said they "grew to better understand each other and realized that they both needed each other.
Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks on walls of some residential buildings in the downtown areas, but no building collapsed.
Teruyuki Kato, a seismologist at the University of Tokyo, said that the seismic waves of the quake traveled a long distance without losing their power because of the firmness of the terrain in central China.
It was said that his Trespass royalty cheque had gone unclaimed, and there was speculation that he was dead or missing.
Remer said that if the USSR ever did invade Germany, he would "show the Russians the way to the Rhine" and that SRP members would "post themselves as traffic policemen, spreading their arms so that the Russians can find their way through Germany as quickly as possible".
In an acknowledgment of the weakness of building codes in the countryside, the National Development and Reform Commission said on May 27 that it had drafted an amendment to improve construction standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas.
Werner Becker of the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics said in 2006, "The theory of how pulsars emit their radiation is still in its infancy, even after nearly forty years of work.
The litigants said they planned to refile.
The early biographer Tyerman said that the boy went to Charterhouse a saint but became negligent of his religious duties and left a sinner.
Shortly after the show's end, Gellar stated that she had no interest in appearing in a Buffy feature film, although since then she has said she will consider it if the script is good enough.
In a 2006 letter to Nature, Bradley, Hughes and Mann pointed out that their original article had said that "more widespread high-resolution data are needed before more confident conclusions can be reached" and that the uncertainties were "the point of the article.
When a reporter compared Potions professor Horace Slughorn's obsession with famous names to the series' connection to "every notable British actor," Jim Broadbent, who plays Slughorn said, "Well, not every actor gets invited.
Hitler said he first became an anti-Semite in Vienna, which had a large Jewish community, including Orthodox Jews who had fled the pogroms in Russia.
Joseph Smith said he was guided to the plates on September 22, 1823 on Cumorah hill, Manchester, New York, in a buried box.
Prior to this trip NASA administrator Thomas O. Paine had approached Collins and said that Secretary of State William P. Rogers was interested in appointing Collins to the position of Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs.
It is said that this event constitutes the first step in the struggle for the recognition of the Armenian Genocide of 1915.
Seven-times world champion and rival Michael Schumacher has said himself that Häkkinen is the man he respected the most during his Formula One career.
Her birth was sometime between 630 and 612 BC, and it is said that she died around 570 BC.
H. L. Mencken said that "A dachshund is a half-dog high and a dog-and-a-half long," although they have been referred to as "two dogs long".
Supporters have said that the cartoons illustrated an important issue in a period of Islamic terrorism and that their publication is a legitimate exercise of the right of free speech, explicitly tied to the issue of self-censorship.
Soon afterward, China's Health Ministry said that it had sent ten emergency medical teams to Wenchuan County in southwest China's Sichuan Province.
In 2007, when Yates was directing Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Bill Nighy said, "I joked with [Yates] that maybe now I wouldn't be the only actor in England who hadn't been in 'Harry Potter'".
The president of the Catholic League, William Donohue, said that the president of the University of Oregon, Dave Frohnmayer, had been unresponsive to complaints about the drawings.
Early in the century, due to discoveries on Java and at Zhoukoudian, it was believed that modern humans first evolved in Asia.
The jury did not hear testimony from a few other apparent eyewitnesses who believed that Sankofa was not the killer because they believed he was too short to be the killer.
Jude reads about the explosion in a Liverpool newspaper and believes that Lucy has also been killed.
Widely considered as the third holiest site in Islam, Muslims believe that the prophet Muhammad was transported from the Sacred Mosque in Mecca to al-Aqsa during the Night Journey.
With the completion of the Tractatus, Wittgenstein believed he had solved all the problems of philosophy and he abandoned his studies, working as a schoolteacher, a gardener at a monastery, and as an architect, along with Paul Engelmann, on his sister's new house in Vienna.
Rick is portrayed as unlikeable and so self-absorbed that he believes he is the "most popular member of the flat" even though his housemates hate him.
He does believe, however, that the office of apostle has ceased and that the gift of prophecy in the church is not infallible.
John Kennedy claimed that their debut album is 'one of the best of 2006'.
Researcher Fred Guweddeko claimed that Amin was born on 17 May 1928, but that is disputed.
Poverty alleviation Renewable energy projects in many developing countries have demonstrated that renewable energy can directly contribute to poverty alleviation by providing the energy needed for creating businesses and employment.
Evidence of hunting Cut marks found on wild deer, elephants, rhinoceroses and horses demonstrate that they were butchered.
Current genetic studies have demonstrated that humans on the African continent are most genetically diverse.
On the same day, Ampère also demonstrated before the Academy that parallel wires carrying currents attract or repel each other, depending on whether currents are in the same (attraction) or in opposite directions (repulsion).
In a  remarkable comparative analysis, Mandaean scholar Säve-Söderberg demonstrated that Mani's Psalms of Thomas were closely related to Mandaean texts.
In 1768, Lazzaro Spallanzani demonstrated that microbes were present in the air, and could be killed by boiling.
In the 18th century, Leonhard Euler proved that, conversely, all even perfect numbers have this form.
The Hipparcos satellite later showed that the star was more distant and therefore brighter resulting in the planet being too hot to be in the habitable zone.
The results conclusively showed that citrus fruits prevented the disease.
At one point on December 4 it was thought that Epsilon had briefly weakened into a tropical storm, but later re-analysis showed that it had remained a hurricane.
Because none of the major political events were changed in the book, Adichie said that the book contained "emotional truth," and that the book showed the war had a significant impact upon the people of Nigeria.
The Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71 showed that even Red Cross actors (in this case National Societies) can be so bound by nationalism that they are unable to sustain neutral humanitarianism.
While conducting experiments in support of the textbook he discovered the law of constant proportions, which showed that inorganic substances are composed of different elements in constant proportions by weight.
A subsequent appraisal by the International Atomic Energy Agency showed that releases are low and localized from the 16 naval reactors (reported by the IAEA as having come from seven submarines and the icebreaker "Lenin") which were dumped at five sites in the Kara Sea.
Ancient Romans such as Pliny (N.H. 5.10) thought that the river near Timbuktu was part of the Nile River, a belief also held by Ibn Battuta, while early European explorers thought that it flowed west and joined the Senegal River.
From analysis it has been thought that A. afarensis was ancestral to both the genus Australopithecus and the genus Homo, which includes the modern human species, Homo sapiens.
On 9 November 1918, the German Republic was proclaimed by MSPD member Philipp Scheidemann at the Reichstag building in Berlin, to the fury of Friedrich Ebert, the leader of the MSPD, who thought that the question of monarchy or republic should be answered by a national assembly.
Most classical Greeks thought that the war was an historical event, but many believed that the Homeric poems had exaggerated the events to suit the demands of poetry.
It was thought that the hard corporal punishment, such as whippings, used in other penal stations only served to harden criminals, and did nothing to turn them from their immoral ways.
The first of these planetary rings was discovered in 1968 by a team led by Edward Guinan, but it was later thought that this ring might be incomplete.
It was once thought that appreciable amounts of molecular oxygen were present in the prebiotic atmosphere, which would have essentially prevented the formation of organic molecules; however, the current scientific consensus is that such was not the case.
After the presidential elections had ended, Schleicher held a series of secret meetings with Hitler in May 1932, and thought that he had obtained a "gentleman's agreement" in which Hitler had agreed to support the new "presidential government" that Schleicher was building.
Groening thought that it would be funny to have a baby character that did not talk and never grew up, but was scripted to show any emotions that the scene required.
The long wavelength limit is the size of the universe itself, while it is thought that the short wavelength limit is in the vicinity of the Planck length, although in principle the spectrum is infinite and continuous.
It was initially thought that the dark region might be a lake of a fluid or at least tar-like substance, but it is now clear that Huygens landed on the dark region, and that it is solid without any indication of liquids.
At the time it was thought that Alpha was the twenty-second storm of the season, and so was the storm which broke the 1933 season's record for most storms in a single season.
Iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself, if released through his own label, with his current obligations to My Chemical Romance and the other bands signed to his label.
Michael Foust of the Baptist Press said: "I walked into the theater without any expectations, but walked out after the closing credits believing I had just seen perhaps the most convicting and inspiring film I had ever viewed.
During this time, it is said that Chinnamalai was generous to poets and learned men under his rule.
However, Moakes said on the group's official Internet forum that it was more a merging of the eastern "Blocs" and the western "parties", in the political sense.
Around midday, the immediate threat to property in the areas around Healesville was downgraded, though a DSE spokesperson said that residents should be mindful of localised changes in the weather.
Joss Whedon said that the film would be titled Serenity, in order to differentiate it from the TV series.
Consequently sometimes it was said that Atum, the chief god in these areas, had to keep his finger on him to prevent Nehebkau from getting out of control.
He has been criticized by Tsering Phuri, the president of TIBETcenter, who said "People should not say, `I am a living Buddha'".
About his character, an undead rock musician avenging his murder and that of his fiancée, Lee said, "He has something he has to do and he is forced to put aside his own pain long enough to go do it".
She proved a remarkably popular president, earning the praise of Lenihan himself, who before his death five years later, said that she was a better president than he ever could have been.
In his act he claimed to be the only Iranian comedian which, he said, was "three more than Germany".
Elgar wrote to him and said he felt sure the future of his music was safe in Boult's hands.
Then Odin spake and said that Thor did wrong to give the good horse to the son of a giantess, and not to his father.
Brann also said that Wikipedia "has no place in the University," and he believed the Essjay incident would do nothing to change the unfavorable opinion that academics generally hold about the online encyclopedia.
In an acknowledgment of the weakness of building codes in the countryside, the National Development and Reform Commission said on May 27 that it had drafted an amendment to improve construction standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas.
The town said that the action was necessary because Carlisle has no town water backup.
The Venetian artist Jacopo de' Barbari, whom Dürer had met in Venice, visited Nuremberg in 1500, and Dürer said that he learned much about the new developments in perspective, anatomy, and proportion from him.
When a reporter compared Potions professor Horace Slughorn's obsession with famous names to the series' connection to "every notable British actor," Jim Broadbent, who plays Slughorn said, "Well, not every actor gets invited.
Hitler disapproved of the military personnel's freedom to smoke, and during World War II he said on 2 March 1942, "it was a mistake, traceable to the army leadership at the time, at the beginning of the war".
Makiskan was beheaded in the battle and it is said that this head was paraded in the villages of Kongu.
Werner Huttig of the Nazi Party's Rassenpolitisches Amt (Office of Racial Politics) said that a smoking mother's breast milk contained nicotine, a claim that is proved to be correct in modern research.
After getting up on his feet with a worried face, Michaels said to Flair "I'm sorry, I love you," before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 35-year long wrestling career.
In 1662, at the age of 39, Koxinga died of malaria, although speculations said that he died in a sudden fit of madness upon hearing the death of his father under the Qing.
In April 2008, Allen said she was heading in a "new direction.
The article said that Essjay spent some 14 hours or more a day on Wikipedia but was careful to keep his online life a secret from his colleagues and friends.
In 1916, for example, Gilbert N. Lewis stated, in his famous article The Atom and the Molecule, that "the atom is composed of the kernel and an outer atom or shell".
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back.
Mike Engler, designer of the game Retro Game Challenge, said in a Gamasutra interview that "The Guardian Legend is one of the best games ever released".
He was accused by his political enemy Cyril of Alexandria of a heresy that later bore his name, Nestorianism, because he objected to the popular practice of calling the Virgin Mary the "Mother of God" theotokos; he instead preached that "Mother of Christ" would be more fitting.
Teachings PL teaches that "Life is Art" and that humans are born to express their own unique individuality in everything they do — "creating true art".
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Times also praised the film, saying that "for all of its familiar qualities, this movie marks something of a departure for the Disney studio, and its movement is in an interesting direction.
It is clearly established that substantial exchange and interaction occurred over the centuries from the Terminal Preclassic to the Mid Classic period, and that "Teotihuacan-inspired ideologies" and motifs persisted at Maya centers into the Late Classic long after Teotihuacan itself had declined.
In a review of West Germany's economy from 1945 to 1951, German analyst Werner Abelshauser concluded that "foreign aid was not crucial in starting the recovery or in keeping it going".
The Basic Law merely provides, in Article 52.1, that "the Bundesrat elects its President for one year".
Montesquieu's philosophy that "government should be set up so that no man need be afraid of another" reminded Madison and others that a free and stable foundation for their new national government required a clearly defined and balanced separation of powers.
The reason for this is that "two giant cannibal bats" have murdered a few pigeons; therefore Shade and Marina are being held responsible for the killings.
Dr. John Breeding, a controversial social critic of psychiatric practices who is closely allied with the Church of Scientology through its Citizens Commission for Human Rights, claims that "Electroshock always causes brain damage".
Harbin, China Li Zhanshu, governor of Heilongjiang has stated that "If we fail again for the 2018 Games, we are determined to win the 2022 Winter Games.
A Financial Times published on 31 May 1983 found that "Bahrain is a polyglot state, both religiously and racially.
